Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful , under construction , Southern Border Wall  fell over  , trying to make it sound terrible , except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured & soaking wet when big winds kicked in . Quickly fixed  forever  . The mainstream media doesn't report the facts ; yet , the truth is available from the current resident of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , Washington D . C . ~How many verifiable lies has he told now ? 15,000+ documented . He's a truth teller for sure .
Let  s Aplaud Brett When he deserves it he coached an amazing game He did try keep korkmaz in in the 4th quarter when he was a defensive liability . And Sixers had a shit clock violation AFTER a timeout . And kept horford w embiid while clippers went small ball . And Scott over Robinson was not very smart . But for bretts standards ...Maybe Docs just a scrub of a coach ... I mean to get hammered with that gold standard team
Wilt Chamberlain rejects the skyhook twice in five seconds like Kareem is just some scrub . Amazing . plus he  s around 34 years old at that pointDoesn't matter . Those guys weren't athletic enough to play in today's NBA , you know .
Now students can  t bring stones in libraries ? Now students can  t play his and seek in libraries ? What kind of fascist expectations are these ? this one ? aap to bahut logical hain . Isme logic bataiyeIn which Constitution is it written that : 1 . Students can't hide their identity in library using handkerchief whilst cops are controlling riots  2 . Students can't carry large stones to library  3 . Students can't close doors using chairs & tables  #JamiaViolence
One of these things is not like the others . Hint : they made him squat in the aisle so he was visible . It's more diverse than the Democratic debate stage .... he says while the GOP is overwhelmingly white and male .
Brad Pitt after winning his Oscar for best actor :  They told me I only have 45 seconds . Which is 45 seconds more than they gave John Bolton .  Can you ever just be happy & keep the politics out ? Wow you really should start enjoying life ! You must go to bed with politics on your mind and wake up that way too ! !Says the woman spending her life Tweeting at celebrities about politics ...
Chill out . Actually I did read it . And I don't have anything to hide . It's an article . Public record . I don't plan even argue about this nor attempt to change your mind . But understand , there are some things that were said that would turn off minorities . I attached the link . If you're turned off by comparing George Wallace to Hitler , no , I don't understand . Seems fucky but what do I know .that must be it . That part . THE PERSON i responded to commented and I explained . So if you need to know anything , read that . Byeeee
Trudeau : we have exhausted our capacity to engage in a positive , active way to resolve this and the onus is now on indigenous leadership to move forward on reconciliation . Time to bring in the military , enough is enough !I know . We need gun control and the liberals need to send military in to confiscate guns too . We need martial law on this ! Because screw human rights . Right ?
You know you were headed for " ok boomer " . Fuckin retard . Your the Pitt fan but I  m the retard ? Here we go . Maybe you should just stop with the whole sports thingLol ... read what you wrote . I think you answered YOUR own question .
What do & ( employer ) of #MartinShapland & ( he's one of yours ) think about the discredit that has brought them through his vindictive & malicious public pronouncements ? I hope they have more principle than #AlistairStewart He's an embarrassment , going by these charming commentsYes , and a manipulative hypocrite who plays the race card and then the victim card when the race card comes back and bites him on the bum . Happily I'm not an engineer but if I was I'd boycott & if they were silly enough not to sack him
We Will Rock You " + " We Are The Champions " Still not over this night ! ! Such an important cause . You can still donate over at : #FireFightAustralia #QAL2020 February is full of historical evens : last year you guys opened the Oscars , this year you replicated Live Aid . What's in the oven for 2021 ? The Super Bowl ? ? Asking for a friendWhy would the book the best rock & roll band on the Planet with the best vocalist on the Planet whose rock anthems are played at nearly every sporting event ? It just doesn't make any sense ! I have been signing petitions for years to get QAL for halftime !
Can we all acknowledge how this cursed image brought together the fractured & fighting left  the Yang Gang , Bernie Bros , Liz Lads , Klobu-chaps , Buttigieg Lords , Biden Times & the One Guy For Steyer  for an epic , united round of dunk-age ? Thank you Donald . Patton your an idiot and nobody cares what you or other so called celebrities have to say .Lol , someone that follows Taylor Swift and Charlie Sheen claims to not care what celebrities say
Bernie Sanders for Senate Majority Leader 2020 Only if Tulsi is the Prez ... Next to Tulsi , it has to be Bernie .. no one else comes even close as the nominee choice for meI could handle Gabbard / Sanders . Bernie makes good insurance and if Tulsi could get out from under the party parrot barf she'd likely set the world on fire . Too bad they're trying to undermine her for old white men . Oh wait ...
Perhaps you can explain why I can't ? Are you telling me a white person who studies sociology , anthropology etc . could still never understand racism as well as someone non-white ? There's a big difference between understanding something and experiencing something . That's what the liberals keep telling us ! ! !You realise you just basically told me my opinion is invalid because of my race . See , I do know what racism is .
This impeached president is not legitimate . I am attending tonight  s address not to confer any legitimacy on his actions , his statements , or his presidency . I am attending on behalf of all of those targeted by this President to say ,  We are greater than hate .  My presence tonight is resistance .Yassss queen , you  re so brave and bold .
After much deliberation I  m supporting for President in the primaries . I think she  s pragmatic and responsible and will work hard to get things done . Um , stop the presses . Hollywood personality gets political .I couldn  t agree more ... it  s astounding that a US citizen would publicly voice their choice of candidate !
evidence suggest that remodeled collagen fibrils are not packed as densely as in normal ligaments and the remodeled tissue contains materials other than collagen , such as blood vessels , fat cells , and inflammatory cell pockets which contribute to weakness . But he can still skate faster than almost everyone right ... So the journal of prolotherapy ( fun read ! ) Can get fucked . McDavid is whiner . Sportsnet are oiler homers and oiler fans are whiner aplogists . #bruisesarelikecanceralmost ! #oilerlogicThe guy whining about an article on Sportsnet is now calling people whiners , while whining about others defending McDavid .
And he will still cheat , cause all you wanna do is stay home . Tell me why 148 people like this . Yall happy or sad with mePossibly most of the 148 got the joke . A few in there might  ve thought she was serious .
The Nevada caucuses are tomorrow and one of the most important things you can do to help our campaign win is make calls to voters . Let's win this together . Why don  t you call Putin and tell him to stay out of our election on your behalfC'mon now . As per Bernie , It's not Bernie's responsibility who is campaigning and trying to get him elected , be it toxic online supporters who are attacking everyone or , I guess now , Russia .
Grace Blakeley : What I would've said to Iain Dale if he hadn't stormed out on TV AND WHAT WAS THE CAUSE OF AUSTERITY ? GORDON BROWN BEQUEATHED A £ 160BILLION YEARLY OVERSPEND / DEFICIT THAT ALONG WITH THEIR NAT DEBT WAS COSTING THE TAXPAYER £ 50BILLION A YEAR IN DEBT INTEREST . THANK GORDON BROWN FOR CORRECTIVE AUSTERITY .Surely your wrong ! It's all Boris Johnsons fault ! We wouldn't be in this mess if Labour had won the election .
I am sure it was mostly due to the Grammys because its the Grammys . Just like the " record " breaking month for Discovery was due to the Super Bowl . Show us your REAL numbers not inflated ones with Showtime attached . That's what I was just thinking . No real numbers . As in , how many signups for All Access alone ?I hope you all know that you also can break negative records as in " in January more people unsubscribed that subscribed " or " in January we got more hate for Trek than ever before " are technically all record breaking things !
The normalization of widespread longterm singleness is a bigger threat to society than the Coronavirus . You might want to check out what St . Paul says about that . Also , Jesus promoted singleness as well .No no no You don't understand , Jesus isnt as important as this tweet
I think it  s time we all take a deep breath surrounding #coronavirus , which is unlikely to affect anyone outside China or w / o recent contact w those from China . But don  t take too deep a breath - influenza ( the REAL threat ) is still spiking & affecting thousands #WednesdayWisdom Unlikely to affect anyone outside China or w / o recent contact w those from China .Don't you dare go bringing facts to this discussion !
His profile bio actually includes ' Let  s make Britain Great again      One of the 17.4 #Brexiteer ' Go to India , 2 hours and missing connecting flights is standardThere you go then I said something that someone else had already said Without knowing they'd said it #Satire One of those other things ?
Nothing will stave off eventual death . By definition , healthcare fails eventually . Because , well , we are living organisms . In fairness to we should openly acknowledge the fact that 100 % of people taking pharmaceuticals will eventually die from things .Right ? Stop delaying the inevitable , just close all the hospitals now .
I spent 3k on my p71 for video editing.Died 2 weeks out of the box . Warranty repair took over 2 months . Its died twice more since then . Now the authorized service centre told me the trackpad which is no longer working cant even be fixed . So now I have a $ 3000 keyboard and screen Sorry about that . I  m in Ghana and can  t even get an accredited service center to look for it . Repair guys simply can  t figure out what  s wrong with it . Someone told me the BIOS has expired . Still wondering what that meansAt least let's look on the bright side . The Think brand is revolutionizing customer service by providing the exact same quality and service to people in Canada as in Ghana . Thanks ! !
There should be consequences for sanctuary states that issue driver licenses to illegal aliens or that defy federal immigration law . My bill will cut off federal funds to lawless sanctuary jurisdictions harboring criminal aliens and terrorists . Not only regular class ( c ) but also they should be consequences for states giving class A CDL and not following CFR 391.11 FMCSA wants to know what is causing more fatality's on our hwy's & destruction to our infrastructure well their it is .Right , because white American citizens are perfect drivers and never cause accidents or fatalities . #givemeabreak What are your sources ? As in plural and unbiased .
Nothing , leave my favourite game as it is :) Yes . Make link half cover his hands with his shield when attacking ! His poor fingers would get ruined as his sword is not a basket hilt type but a cruciform guard hand and a half sword ! Also reee when he attacks his shield straight up swings to the side when it should be infrontThis goes for most 3d zelda titles too . The heros shade is the only Link I have observed that doesn't have these bad habits
So proud of my longtime friend from Michigan who spoke the truth last night at the Bernie rally in Clive , Iowa . The audience booed Hillary , then somebody tried to shoosh them , and #Rashida said don  t shoosh them  boo Hillary and anyone else who doesn  t speak the truth . This is a really bad look . I love you both , but this is not the way to do this . It  s actually counterproductive to building an inclusive coalition and makes you look as petty as you are claiming Hillary to be .Funny , they want to boo those who don  t tell the truth , but hillary told the truth .
Exactly how they should be treated For actually giving a shit about suffering animals ? ? ?I wish you cared as much about animals as you did the plants you are killing ! How dare you !
He  s already lost at least one account . Erica , I  m not even sure how this all began . I kind of stumbled onto the whole thing in the middle , but it  s obvious even to me that Jay and Nick and a couple of others are all insanely guilty of exactly what they accuse you of doing . They have been stalking me everyday since mid December . They started stalking me for defending one of my friends on her thread . They want to silence women that challenge them . John and nick met on one of my threads and became friends . They enjoy harassing women . It's sick .But but but how COULD you ? ! Defending your friends , being a good person , not being silenced by abusive narcissists , well no wonder you  re being stalked ! I  d almost have to say you were asking for it !
Zack Kassian : " To me those are two dangerous hits . " Darnel Nurse : Sounds like the Oilers are occupying a lot of your thoughts ...nope just pointing out the irony Quick tip for you tho .. before you say something like that maybe go back thru your own feed  Ive tweeted 3 times about them in forever . YOU on the other hand seem pretty obsessed with the #Flames #RentFree
Chinese Goverment is hiding the truth about #coronavirus deaths and confirmed cases are way more then they say .. If this true then its biggest theat to every human being on earth ... #coronavirus #wuhan Getting a bit hysterical . There is no way there could be that many confirmed cases . Not enough tests and medical personnel . And the number of people in crematoriums would be huge at any time in China and even higher with all the healthcare system disruption .Yeah , there  s no way China would lie .
Considering applying for #HALT I'd love to hear about the benefits / positives it brings , other than more $ , from those who've been successful please ? #aussieEd #aitsl I'm not getting any convincing signs that it's worth the trouble or costThere's plenty of Anointed Ones around who will gush that it's amazing PD and reflection etc , but I'm more convinced that the time spent box-ticking will take away from my quality as a teacher ( Ping , excellent #TeachersTalkingTeaching ep on this ! )
Yes he is . He wants to fix the democracy that's broken . The courts . Who else is calling for that ? no one . Again : Be serious . Literally all of the Democratic candidates have policy positions with respect to the courts . That's not " generational change , " that's just politics as usual . For * radical * proposals , look to Sanders and Warren :But he  s calling for deficit reduction . Surely nobody has ever done that before . #NeverPete
You might want to add photos of the people all ff / fg policies that led people to homeless and then death , and suicide my love You might want to take a morality check if you  re comparing deliberately blowing up children to failed mental health services . What rock did you crawl out from under ?You wouldn  t have that flag to stick on your profile without the shinners and like minded people
Nevada , I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you ! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions  my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches  I  m confident we can get it done ! Maybe Space Force could store spent nuclear fuel on the moonFor the record , because #TrumpIsAMoron that was
Someone in the Angels organization may have killed someone and we're still investigating this ? I  m guessing they didn  t rob YOUR team of a titleYes . Cause many unknowns die of OD  s daily . It  s not every year you can cheat the Sox , Yanks and Doyers out of a title .
This fight to save our democracy is an uphill battle . But our campaign is built for the long haul , and we are just getting started . Because if we have the hope that comes with dreaming big  if we have the courage to fight hard  we are going to win ! Stop telling Warren to step aside . Stop telling women they can  t win . Focus on getting the 2 most progressive candidates to the finish line . That  s both Sanders and Warren . Unity .Yes , with only two states and a tiny percentage of the population having voted , she MUST throw in the towel .
Morning Gary Don  t rise to him . I nearly did But the answer is so simple I thought if he doesn  t already know Then let him find out for himself ! You going to try and tell me about plastering I'm all earsWell I  d be in with a good chance but obviously you know little about safety
Democrat presidential Sen . Amy Klobuchar said at a recent stop , that English should not be the official language of the U . S . even though the flip-flop Amy voted for a pro-English language bill during her time in senate . Now , she  s against the amendment which she voted for in 2007 . Klobuchar was right the first time : English IS our national language . It is also the international language of business . She must be pandering to immigrants who do not want to assimilate .Choosing a national language is racist ! ! ! Amy is right on ( with her comb , instead of a fork ) ! ! ! #RacistDerangementSyndrome #Pandering
Technology with high school students  ... . 30 . What are you going to post about now since you  re ditching everything below . 40 ? You had a good run at least     And she is a math teacher teaching with technology which was under . 40 too . Hypocrisy much ? ?Oh man ... better throw away the exploragons ! And stop using and since students would be learning through manipulation . Gotta ditch that !
LOL - deviate ? I think it is you who should educate himself . I don't think deviate means what you think it means .I think it describes some professors quite well . The bizarre ones live vicariously through the ones they indoctrinate . I find it comical that " question all authority " types from decades past are today " don't question my authority " type authoritarians . Have a nice day .
Who would have known , I would be richer than Anil Ambani one day  . Hahah ... let us not fool ourselves . Anil Ambani is still richer just that he won't reveal . Where has all the NPA money gone ?It  s called in my part of the world .
We need to phase out carbon based fuels . Good time to start now . Sure , just turn the thermostat down 5 degrees , put on a couple more sweaters , Park the car & ride a bike , & while you  re at it throw out all your carbon based belongings . You can then the the shadow of a man that you already are !I was actually telling those running out of propane that it's a good time for them to follow your advice .
IUD's aren't the only form of birth control available . Also , if sex was painful for her , the IUD isn't the cause , it's something else . Getting them installed is painful , but once the procedure is complete , that ends . If she wants a permanent BC solution that's on her , not him . I had an IUD once ; it was painful from insertion to removal . I haven  t experienced general everyday pain nor intercourse pain like that before or since . I  m comfortable saying the IUD was the issue unless you , a OBGYN who has examined me , can prove otherwise .But some random person on the internet says it isn't so , therefore , it must be true .  I mean why would you know when something is wrong with your own body ?
When will the 2 cars also have VINs ? Just enter the licence plate number into your phone and it will help you to find the carHehe . Here no cars , only berries #MTL #QC
Two Super Bowls ago I was sitting in a prison cell . Today I am a free woman and my story was featured in a Super Bowl Ad . I will spend the rest of my life fighting for the wrongly and unjustly convicted ! God Bless America ! But if you applied to be a resident in one of Trump's buildings , he would have denied you based on the color of your skin ...Oh wow ! I believe you now !
Call me old-fashioned , but to see subcontinent people celebrating Valentine  s Day with such fanfare looks odd and makes me feel incredibly uncomfortable . I can  t explain why . Alhamdulillah , my parents have never celebrated Valentine  s Day in their 48 years of marriage . And to be honest , had my father ever celebrated Valentine  s Day and / or gifted my mother roses or something cringe like that , I would have considered it grounds for legal emancipation .Yeah gifting roses is so cringe for sure ! !
I mean ... it seems like a best seller to me ... Is she a surrogate because he  s gay ? Spoiler alertShe changes his mind about the whole gay thing . It's a choice afterall .
Just catching up on the uproar around Baylor's chapel service yesterday . I have several thoughts but I think I'll save most of them and share the two most pressing . Was thinking about your experience , and then my son  s experience ( long before you ): for whom it could be said chapel was an exercise in groupthinkI suppose it contributed to helping him move away from Jesus for a season of life
I am quite ready to postulate that a down to earth farm boy is far more ready to run a country than a PhD gender studies professor . And with the damnable state of higher education , this comparison is meaningless . #education #college #highereducation William Tyndale told a priest that he would make the plough boy to know more of the Scriptures than he . I resist the notion that the educated elites know what's best for everyone , and that they have the right to force their views on people . That ideology has always led to death .The map doesn't indicate elites ; it indicates the general education of the masses . Tyndale was the educated elite working for the education of the masses , not against it . And he was no crass populist . #TyndaleWasNoRepublican #notmytyndale #donttwisthistory
Wow . is new chancellor . According to Cummings now creating a joint no10 and Treasury special adviser unit . Sounds sensible to make sure Treasury and No . 10 working in harmony . Whereas , previously we had treacherous Phil undermining May and British public . Shrewd by CummingsI love it when unelected beaurocrats take control ! Who wanted a democracy anyway ?
Interesting times we are living in ? #Boris Yes I'm glad the Conservatives are in power ! !I feel safe ? Wonderful to have #Boris in charge . sorry I can't help myself
Bloomberg continues on to explain how unlike gay marriage , trans rights aren't a " family " issue and personal to most people . During the Q & A , Bloomberg was asked about the inequality crisis around the world : how it's fueling the far right and what business leaders ' responsibility is . Bloomberg's answer ? It's not a crisis because the poor have cars , cell phones , and " 72 - inch TV screens . "Poor people only suffer when they have to sell their body parts for coal to heat their shack . Why doesn't everyone understand this ?
How fast are #PremierFord and #MinisterLecce moving to resolve the #TeachersStrike that lasted months now ? even hid research results on parents overwhelmingly opposing increasing class sizes just to avoid losing face . All ego . When  s the leadership going to start ? Yes it's a shame they haven't let all the teachers go and start classrooms run by artificial intelligence .Why bother with AI ? Maybe go ahead and lower education requirements to end at Grade 8 , lower age requirements to start work at age 12 and start sweatshops ?
Like I said if you troll me , and expect me to bite , you better know your game  Isn't biting just giving the trolls . What they wanted ? To them a ban is classed as a winThat  s just it , I don  t bite when I get trolled ... I goad then until they do ... they  re trolling me to bring my account down ... .
. mocks Isles fans then deleted their tweet cus Dreger .    . Deleted false info - yes . We  ll mock your fan base Tuesday night when we fill your building as per usual .Ahh yes , just like you  fill  MSG , because the majority of the lower bowl is not filled with patrons that got tickets through corporate season ticket holders that they do business with
But get this  we found this out through the design and delivery of studies ( only short term ones at that ) . Structure , program and people to deliver is given in studies but if you  re not in a study , who should be giving you the program and coaching ? #sport #sportingorganisations But we don  t do it ! #truth ! Most women don  t get a QUALIFIED #strengthandconditioning #coach to teach So what happens ? We have volunteers or people  do the best they can  and we see who comes out on the other sideWhen do most women who are athletes get these coaches and support ? After they are professional or elite ! What ? Why wait so long ? I mean , we need someone to help us deal with our menstrual cycle probs so what are we waiting for ?
Debating some varied stories on with and at 11.30 . Finding the rush to explanations re tragic death of Caroline Flack both premature and insensitive Agree . A suicide doesn't need instant hot takes from those in the 24 hour news cycle .Tabloid critics taking a tabloid approach .
I am a proud #AntiRacist , #AntiZionist & supporter of the #BDS movement ! I REFUSE TO BE SILENCED in my abhorrence of the crimes of ! The conflates views w / ! It is being used to stifle free speech on & promote Your shameful abject cowardice , in the face of what you * must * realise was a wholly manufactured campaign by #IsraelLobby interests , was a significant factor in #Labour  s electoral defeat & in enabling #Apartheid  s continuing attacks against thousands of vulnerableHail #Labour Compliance Unit ! Those #Palestinians who are about to die at the bloodstained hands of #UK-armed SettlerColonial salute you !
Says the guy who thinks he knows what atheists think . No , I know what they think .Wow . What a shock that a theist would make a claim without evidence and then refuse to back it up . Truly shocking . No , really . I'm completely surprised . At a loss for words . Really . Didn't see that coming at all . Not a bit . Stupefied to be honest . Gob smacked .
New Yorkers should pay close attention : this is true endgame of the anti-police movement , an end of all policing & destruction of public order . Our members have spent their careers - - and in some cases given their lives - - to bring public safety back to NYC . We can't go backwards You're right , this is the endgame ! End all policing . Abolish prison . Free transit . Full accessibility . Democratic control over the MTA . Worker's rights . Sounds like going forward to us ! #FTP #WeKeepUsSafeAnd , pray do tell , what would you then do when confronted by the unrestricted wrath of the masculine American man ? I mean , in your fantasy utopia cops wouldn't exist , right ? LOL ! ! ! Remove the barriers of laws and law enforcement and men like me would go T-Rex on you betas .
Private military contractor withdrawal leaves sensitive US military tech at risk in Iraq Corporate Warriors told ya it would happen " One U . S . military official , who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss a sensitive issue , said the planes and related equipment are being  well guarded  by Iraqi soldiers . "Why would they lie to us ?
We haven  t lost anything Jack . We  ve said over and over we stand by our opinions . No ones backing down or running away ... you  re getting absolutely discredited on this thread and the only one too dumb to see it is you . No one else is slating me     Discredited ? ? ?    YOU THINK TWITTER IS THAT IMPORTANT LMAONo , but you clearly do ... you  ve been insulting people and ranting on for hours now
Paging #ER - do emergency physicians take detailed history ? Take a history ? Yes . Detailed ? No . Must be quick , the ER is a time-constrained setting . Each minute I spend with patient A is one more minute that patients B , C , D through Z are waiting , and wait times are dangerous . There  s only one doctor , and lots of emergencies happening .But ... Why don't you ask about their relationship with their mom before intubating ? You never know what you might be missing !
Alexander Hernandez just went scorched earth on Donald Cerrone for his loss to Conor McGregor . Didn  t expect this today . I'll say it again . Being a professional fighter , doesn't automatically mean you're a good analyst . His take is so wrong , so absurd , it's the sort of take that gets you called " A casual " if he wasn't actually a fighter . This was just nonsense .It shows how rediculous the term  casual  must be , if we  re labelling a current professional fighter , in the highest organisation in the sport , as having a casual  take  on his own profession
It's the way HOW she's raising that awareness ! Talking about stolen childhoods and such . I'm sorry , but everyone knows her background , knows who is pushing her to do this . Her tone is making enough people pissed & annoyed , not aware . I do what I can . I don't need a kid to yell at me . It  s not the fact that she  s a child , actually I think it  s awesome that a child cares this much about the environment . I just don  t understand boycotting school ? Everyone else her age goes to school no problem , like we did .. so why can  t she ?Holy shit . Why aren  t you out in Hollywood yelling at parents who put their kids in movies ? Or child model ? You seem so passionate about children going to school . I didn  t know that was your issue with it . So different now .
We here at the IPA say   you make a post about #FiremanPaul being a religious loony defending one . It's priceless . Screenshot taken as an example of how to make yourself look stupid on Twitter . Thanks for the    #auspol #IStandWithFiremanPaul what's got to do with Nelligen fires Paul should blame the arsonists that probably started them or the greens for blocking hazard reduction like a normal personWe here at the IPA think you have embarrassed yourself enough calling #FiremanPaul a religious loony while defending #ScottyfromMarketing's handling of Hawaii sorry the #AustralianFires .
Guy at the Apple store knew I was JT when I came in for my appointment so I  ll be signing autographs for the next few days I think the execution on this tweet was subpar so I  ll probably delete it in 30 minutesdecided to keep . the was too fire
Call me old-fashioned , but to see subcontinent people celebrating Valentine  s Day with such fanfare looks odd and makes me feel incredibly uncomfortable . I can  t explain why . my parents have never celebrated Valentine  s Day in their 48 years of marriage . And to be honest , had my father ever celebrated Valentine  s Day and / or gifted my mother roses or something cringe like that , I would have considered it grounds for legal emancipation .Yeah gifting roses is so cringe for sure ! !
#CITRobbery in Marabastad Pretoria earlier this week . This looks like a plan ... Look how he just leaves the cash and backs offVery intelligent comment ... Well thought through and analyzed .
Room full of kids so we paused the halftime show to strategically fast forward and I didn  t wait long enough and we  re suddenly watching pole dancing and Abby is giving me the stink eye like I  m the choreographer . For everyone who thought J-Lo and Shakira's outfits were too racy . I give you Adam Levine Super Bowl 2019 . Somebody tell that man to put some clothes on !Omg ! He  s topless ! That  s skank  think of the children ! we love Shakira and J-Lo !
Famous socialists :  Eugene V . Debs  Albert Einstein  Mother Jones  Martin Luther King Jr .  Helen Keller  Rosa Luxemburg  Nelson Mandela  George Orwell  Pablo Picasso  Bertrand Russell  Upton Sinclair  Mark Twain  Malcolm X Who am I missing ? Would you class Jesus as an antisemite ?He was against the Jewish money lenders and broke up the market , I seem to recall from my Sunday school days . Had he done that in today  s political climate , he  d be classed as an antisemite .
Upstate New York is always under the radar . Most of the country has no idea there is an upstate . It's like Sacramento , without all the glitz . Glitz in Sacramento ? Huh ? Where ? I clearly am missing somethingis a lost art . Either I'm not good at it , or you aren't good at understanding it . Maybe we both suck at it .
Too bad you don  t have money to bet on it ! #BrokeAsAJoke you probably photoshop your tickets like vegas dave    Since Im broke !Yea makes perfect sense for me to photoshop tickets as a push ! I  d make them all winners if that was the case . I post losing tickets too ! #YoureSoSmart
Beat idea you  ve ever had Now I just need to figure out how to get a cut for myself .Use a knife . #joke You  ll be famous one day
I  m an Astros fan . To understand the scope of the Astros cheating & the players involved , I logged every trashcan bang from every Astros 2017 home game w / video available . Over 8,200 pitches watched and over 1,100 trashcan bangs found . The results are at You didn  t count the number of defensive plays made by the Astros . You can  t win with offense only . If the system were perfect wouldn  t all players bat 1.000 ?whoah they cheated on defense too ?
Put a Starbucks and an Orange Theory on the first floor and you can call it TOD . #resolved OK no to #shoplocalkc #coffeeshops give back to the city and create #collisiondensity for success ( add your favs here )Even can spur better #economicdevelopment #publicpolicy : incentives should support #shoplocalkc & owners and develop a stronger business retention / expansion program to pair them with developers
. loves to give geography quizzes . Perhaps he might start with his boss . Reminder - he gave the geography quiz to make the point that if you don  t know where a place is , you don  t CARE . This is what makes the error so ridiculous ." For too long the #Deepstate and the liberal coastal elites have doctored all the maps , I alone can fix them . Bring me my #Sharpie "
We hope it doesn't , and this is a risk that comes with any CD action . Just ask anyone who's done it before--civil rights activists in the USA , Gandhi in India , and many others . and as a cancer survivor how could you possibly support the disruption of travel in this country ? how many patients are not getting where they need to be for treatment ? how many life saving drugs are being held up ?Oh , yes , I remember my treatment like it was yesterday . Checking the train schedule , hoping the chemotherapy train was on time , feeling sorry for people who didn't have rail service and therefore no chemotherapy .
No one should attack and its members for fighting hard for themselves and their families . Like them , I want to see every American get high-quality and affordable health care  and I  m committed to working with them to achieve that goal . I guess you are since CAP and Neera Tanden are deeply involved . And considering that YOU walked back support for Medicare 4 All , you're going to fit right in with the corruption . #NeverLyingLizGosh darn it you're just being Mean
is bang on . We absolutely have the right to ignore what climatologists have been warning us about for years and for which we  re now seeing evidence . We at will proudly stand with the scientifically-illiterate ideologues . #ClimateChange #auspol I fell for that & £ ! ing fake account again ! Yes my furry GetUp friends . Keep shutting down the side of the debate with which you disagree . Best way to win is by brute force . #Totalitarian Govt anyone ? it may be time to report them to twitter ? Or maybe sue ?Keep shutting down the side of the debate with which you disagree .   ... it may be time to report them to twitter . Or maybe sue ?
I'm well aware that whites got handouts . I'm also saying that we don't need the same treatment and you should reject them . It's that simple . If you don't think the government should do anything for us , you might as well be your own country . A country within a country .was being unironic when he wrote this ? Because ,
When a conservative girl visits to ask students basic questions about life ... I went there to ask them Presidents Day trivia questionsWow . That school is worth all the student debt ! It's really preparing kids for life ! I'm enjoying the free exchange of ideas and dialog !
Why does it matter , Senator Blackburn ? Everything the #Whistleblower said has been corroborated . #IAmTheWhistleblower Truth doesn't mean much to you does it , ? ... just your all consuming foul hate .Says the person who worships the actual Party of Hate .
Have you been following the media coverage at all ? Canada and the US have been screening people at airports and putting up notices to advise people travelling on how to approach their illnesses . This comment from the guy who postsI'm sorry you cut out the comment that I was quoting . I guess I should have put or something so you would understand that I think it's absolutely absurd to imply that these viruses are biological weapons . But go off dear
My son is 13 . He has been on a waitlist since age 10 . I guess the government only has to wait him out another 5 years . Yeah . It's even more concerning in light of 3 welfare for profit pilot projects . This is so much Swim or sink mentality . - " Are there no workhouses ? " - Shameful .As long as they get their bowl of gruel each night , and the space under the machines to sleep on , what more do the kids really need ?
I'd like for teachers to do the same and see how well they score . So many kids these days can't do basic math let alone anything advanced . The system is , quite frankly , not working Yes , clearly the education system in Ontario is not working . detectedI'd suggest if you are going to try and argue against my point , you actually provide relevant facts based on Ontario research . Because you can clearly see Ontario's score on the map detected
The government is a corrupt bureaucracy run by inept , racist , sexist , patriarchal colonialists . Let's have the government run our healthcare . Privacy is like owning a firearm , you don't need it unless you are a criminal .because I often forget this is the internet and there are people out there that are literally batshit insane enough to actually think this way .
Day 844 #Pedal2Work Wet ride into #Melbourne CBD this morning . Was damp , then dry , then got rained on . Talking with one of my colleagues at work , it was still quicker to ride a bicycle into work that drive a car . #LifeIsBetterOnABicycle    My ride to work in Sydney was 40 minutes , mostly because of water about from last night's storm . Women in lift complained to her friend it took her 35 minutes to travel 2 km in her car .How's that car culture going ? Wow . ( ) 35 mins for 2 kms ? Most people can walk that faster . Power to you for riding in Sydney .
It  s actually from genetics . No matter how much it stretches if it  s not inherited you won  t get stretch marks  I can show you ( DM ) pictures of my mother - 5 kids - and 3 sisters 3 kids each and NONE OF THEM have stretch marks no where , not on their belly not on their arms , legs hips , nowhere and here I am after 1 babygirl saving for surgery1st pic was 3 years ago  but still my belly skin needs #tummytuck and lots of lotion even though I  m flatter than I was 3 years ago I  m def not the same as before stretch marks and baby . Only 1 pic of me ever showing my belly 5 months before pregnant
I'm not a fan of the big market research players ( Gartner , Forrester etc ) ... but a well done study on this issue would be helpful Helpful how ? How is it actionable in any way ?Studies in this case are a way to know which way the wind is blowing ... I don  t want to breathe air today , said not one ever ! #obvious
Anybody else afraid for our future because the CPI isn't going up fast enough ? I  m pissed . If I don  t see insurance and tuition go up faster I  m in trouble .Just thankful we get so much more healthcare for our money these days . And the groceries fit so much easier in our pantry now . #Hyperinflation #Shrinkflation
BREAKING : Ed Woodward's Cheshire home has been targeted by a mob of Manchester United fans . Glory hunters taking to far not shockLiverpool fan calling other supporters glory hunters
I want you to stay , but where would you go ? italy ! you'd think with their own younger population leaving and people not having kids they'd let me walk right in lol damn immigration laws actually existing , it's not like the Brexiters said it was at all !Same with France . My parents are now French ( been there 25 + years ) but still there are hoops to crawl through to get in . It's as though there were rules they could apply , but that obvs not true ' cause people like ' nige said that the rules didn't exist . #DontUnderstand
Thanks - was hoping someone would do a map ! But apparently any criticism of Israeli Gov or even corrupt Bibi is anti-Semitic . A hijacked word if there ever was one , Palestinians also being Semites . If such terms aren't inherently both meaningless & racist ? " Sons of Shem " ffs ? You're being completely ridiculous . It's very easy to criticise the actions of the Israeli government and not be antisemitic . People just too lazy and wilfully ignorant of century old antisemitic tropes .Think you're missing the point . The likes of Bibi , Zionists , etc routinely label any criticism as anti-Semitic , however carefully or respectfully put . Think I should've used an tag ... ?
And about 4 years older . And not even in the same league as TAA . FYI this was sarcastic . I hate United , TAA is  .This is the problem with twitter , there's no way to write responses unless you do but then that completely ruins it . My bad have a great day buddy
Have I made a single argument outside of the fact that whales / dolphins should be given basic rights ? No . This isn't about humans , it's about whales . And the reason it's about whales is because there is science to support it . Science doesn't always agree with our worldview . You've steamrolled all humans for whales . Your arguments are incomplete and not fact based .Your arguments are incomplete and not fact based .  How many post hoc , ad hominem , he  d herring , and straw man fallacious  arguments  are you going to use to promote your fake agenda ?
New president talking point : although the economy grew faster under Obama and more jobs were created , all this was paid for by debt : almost $ 9 trillion in 8 years . But Trump has added $ 3 trillion more in 2 1/2 years budgets will add more vastly more to the public debt over the next 10 years according to CBOBeing concerned about debt is just so " uninspiring " .
Sorry , but if you feel wronged because someone putting out thousands of hours of free content and finds a way to make a few bucks with ads or a sponsored spot , you are an entitled idiot . Feel free to disappear from the internet . / rant Capp how could you stoop so low ? ! Imagine actually getting paid to provide entertainment ... I mean , you only have bills to cover , costs of equipment , your precious time , chances to interact with your family lost due to editing etc , what a doodoo head you must be ... 24 whole secs !Could I lay on this any harder ? I mean I suppose I could have used " " marks ... Hmm , maybe used a or a witty gif ... Good riddance to bad trash . I hope this person enjoys living in the middle ages up a mountain , with no human contact . You keep being you Capp .
so which silence is more deafening ? The silence of Duterte supporters at ABS CBN about the Quo Warranto or the silence of AFP about the VFA abrogation ? #OustDuterte #VFA #ABSCBNShutdown Silence of the government in POGO non tax payment can be added to the optionsWow . pOgOs no paying taxes ? Shut them down . We hate Chinese oligarchs ! #consistency
Remember how the DMR pulled its  gold standard  poll the weekend before the caucuses because some people left off Buttigieg  s name . Yeah , that was cool . The Nigerian sock puppets conspiracy wasn  t enough ? Maybe take a breather .Bringing up an entirely unrelated topic in an effort to undermine a legitimate criticism is * very * persuasive .
We're keeping Australians safe by cancelling a record number of visas for non-citizens who commit crimes in our country . What about for Fraud , Deception , Corruption and Organised Crimes of People Smuggling and Child AbductionThose aren't crime actually cause if Peter consider it crime and revoke / cancel their visa then , how Govt will get money ? Doing fraud and the things you mentioned are normal .
A good trick , no joke , for those tiny shards is Wonder Bread . dab a piece or two over ground zero of a broken glass and the shards stick to it like glue . Side note : DO NOT eat the bread after this unless you want to end up like Antonio  Nino  Schibetta on ' Oz . ' This thread is reminding me of a former lead singer that occasionally smashed beer glasses on his head and consumed the resulting shards . Eating the glass didn't kill him - he died in a plane crash .I will also note that we had a song that included the line : " more fun than a plane crash "
We need to phase out carbon based fuels . Good time to start now . Sure , just turn the thermostat down 5 degrees , put on a couple more sweaters , Park the car & ride a bike , & while you  re at it throw out all your carbon based belongings . You can then the the shadow of a man that you already are !I was actually telling those running out of propane that it's a good time for them to follow your advice .
no shame in losing this game at all . played awful for most of the game and still only lost by 3 . we  re fine . Dude . Stop . They had no room for error coming in . Slim chance just went to zero .But we only lost by 3 John ! ! ! We played awful for 3 quarters and only lost by 3 , should be happy with that . #losermentality
Well Harvey Weinstein is the most famous perv in this world and that guy is our own Harvey Weinstein What is wrong in that btw I  m very unapologetic about it ! ! That works for u ... maybe ... very uncool ...Well the only difference between Harvey Weinstein case and this one is that in the former women & men who were sexually abused by him stick together to bring him down & also got strong support from the #MeToo movement But here it got reversed The victims were only trashed
But most of the time they won't get involved as legal issues are not involved . Why do you mention the judges are unelected ? British judges are also unelected . They did get involved when an Elected Home Secretary wanted to deport a known terrorist . If our judges did the same then Parliament could change the law accordingly . With EU law we just have accept their rulings .The Human Rights Act 1998 incorporates the rights contained in the ECHR ( drafted 1950 ) . It is therefore unrelated to the EU but rather the Council of Europe . Theresa May was overruled by the SIAC , a UK court . Tories ratified the ECHR in 1951 . #brexitmyths #annoyingremainer
It's weird , there are no cars on fire or zombies walking down my street this morning . I have food to eat , meds to take and fuel in my car . Almost feel like saying I told you so to every #projectfear #remoaner who gave me grief on here .     Remainers before 23/06 / 2016 : If we vote to leave , the sky will collapse After 23/06 / 2016 : OK so it didn't . But we haven't actually left yet Remainers before 31/01 / 2019 : Medicine shortages , super gonorrhoea , PILES OF CORPSES AT DOVER After 31/01 / 2019 : Transition period REEEEEEEEEYou're denying the existence of this transistion period ? Thanks , btw , I love that the UK now has no say in the EU rules we are following . Great decision !
4 payments made this morning , none gone through . TINY message on the mobile app not confirming anything and NOTHING on your website . SHODDY . Hello , thanks for your mention . We have a service availability page , which details the issues . Any payments made earlier on today are now being queued and processed . JordanAll shoddy Jordan , all shoddy . I need to make a payment in time for the 15th Feb so maybe I  ll make it tomorrow to allow it to be processed ? Will that give enough time ? Don  t answer , I  m using
I agree ; what  s more , what a small price to pay in many instances . Quotation and / or with citation . I must say that philosophers are very bad in paying that price especially if they should pay it to the unknown thinker . What they do is cite only those at the high places . Now , selective citing is proufoundly evil .One of my plagiarists was a philosopher ; the other was a vice chancellor .
Im not a fan of that exchange and the ceo isnt a fan of XRP . Theres manipulation across the board happening . Its what money does to many humans . Compromises integrity . All is fine pattern wise though . We go up more in the coming weeks to months . 2020 is GREEN . Thanks for your response . I think I will buy more tomorrow .Seems like a trustworthy fella to me
It  s almost like there  s a widespread belief that being a woman is an insult and he said it out loud . Scream like a girl Throw like a girl Run like a girl Wonder where he got that idea ? I mean , we bleed for a week without dying . Push a boulder through a pea sized opening . Do most of the repetitive , year round housework . Go to bed last , get up first , generally just handle shit . Accomplish more to get paid less and promoted more rarely . Deal with everyone  s rules about our bodies and are blamed for all the evils of the world .So , sure . I totally get how being a woman is the highest insult you can throw at a man . Or child . Or other woman . #womanlike
If only we'd had the #gardenbridge that the now PM was desperate for  we'd have £ 53m for #treesforcities Your guy has abandoned targets for family housing . #Overcrowding will continue . Happy with that ?That's an actual #tory attempting to talk about housing .
Anyone sick of their kids being used as pawns by union bosses ? #onpoli You know what I don't get . The union continues to lie and say they are doing this for the kids . Then why don't they ever strike on a PA day . They are at the school , they can go ahead and picket and parents will be happier not having to struggle looking for day care for the dayI've been saying this too ! But wait , there's no kids to use as pawns on those days . But wait , they aren't using our kids as pawns ...
Tell me , would Mediaite post a video like this on any othe President ? Class act . News site lol ! Founded by ABC News  Dan Abrams . A : no they would not ... criticizing Obama on any policy was prima facia racism ...Right - disagreeing ( or criticizing ) any politician has to be tempered based on their skin color , ethnicity , gender , etc . Unless they  re conservative ( then all those concerns go out the window ) . #hypocrisy
Farmers are the bosses , not the workers . There's a name for agricultural workers . They're called " farmworkers . "Yeah but what kind of organizing has American Farm Labor actually managed to achieve ? ( in case it wasn't clear )
How magnanimous to listen to 350 folks on a medium blog , but can't invest any money on better wages and working conditions for the 1000s of employees who have to pee in diapers while running around filling orders . #blessyourheart Also , so strikingly generous to " look into " climate change while continuing to dump tons of unnecessary ( but cheap ) plastics into packing supplies for the biggest shipping retailer in the WORLD .I mean he's spending a whole 7.7 % of his net worth . What a sacrifice . How can anyone think to live on a mere $ 120 BILLION ? How is that even possible ? I mean if he lives another 40 years , that is only $ 8.2 MILLION per DAY . I mean you can barely buy an island for that .
Imagine a Country where the Ruling Leaders have failed in Economy , Education , Poverty , Environment & Employment generation & Still have Guts to ignore all of the above Issues and ask Vote in the name of a non-Election issue like Shaheen Bagh Soncho Kitne Ch . Voters hai India mein That's the reason why a corrupt party had ruled the over the country for 70 years .That Very Corrupt Party Created Assets That Nationalist Party Selling Today
When it feels like 4am , you gotta find another Californian to help you stay awake . Bring it on #QuickShot #colleaguesnotcompetitors #MarkGirgisIsNotOnTwitter Mark Girgis was one of my absolute favorite surg onc fellows ever . You need to get him on twitter ASAPI Did my best . But he  s a Luddite who practices robotic surgery .
The referee , if asked , can explain the rule . Can they ? I didn't know they could ask . I dont think there would be time . But I do think the ref could say " foul . No cushion contact ' " or somethingFunny that I'm getting official snooker rules thrown back at me for a made up snooker game !
How good does the team look ?   #TeamIndia at the Governor General's place this morning in Sydney They wants equal pay with men Actually it's a huge loss for BCCI They are the reason why infrastructure and drainage facilities below international standard in most Indian grounds .Ban #women #doctors as they demand #equalpay Actually it's a huge loss to They are the reason why hospital and facilities ' are ' below international standard's ' in most
Too arrogant to get it sorted when he became aware of the issue . He should have checked before he even stood for ParliamentYou  re kidding - he  s a liberal . They rule !
How to be a naturally beautiful woman : 1 . Have medium to long length hair in a natural color . 2 . Don  t be overweight . 3 . Wear clothes that flatter your body type . That  s it . Kinda sad and crazy how many women feel like this is exclusionary advice . Sorry ladies but objective beauty exists . No one cares how great ur personality is when you followed that bad advice and got a pixie cut that only Natalie Portman could pull off . SmhI have a shaved head and I got what you meant .      I definitely don't blend in with the " classic beauties " around me . Sometimes , when I want to feel a little less conspicuous and natural , I wear a wig .
HC Paul Maurice says D Anthony Bitetto comes out of #NHLJets lineup tonight for Nathan Beaulieu Yes ! I was afraid my boy Niku would be the guy againUmmmmmm ... don  t know how to tell you this ...
In retrospect , it seems impossible to overstate the cultural damage done by SOUTH PARK , the show that portrayed earnestness as the only sin and taught that mockery is the ultimate inoculation against all criticism At least you never get in the gutter ...Equating sporadic parody and bawdry humor on one's Twitter profile to a decade's-long popular cartoon that's had an ENORMOUS cultural influence ? Yeah , I guess that's right .
Has anyone ever seen the irony in naming a shopping centre after Charles Darwin ? #retailequation #redefiningretail #placemakers How many retail parks are called The Meadows ?At least 2 retail parks are called  meadows  and 2 more have the word  fields  in their name
#womenpreachers were the first to announce the resurrection . Why not call them missionaries , or any other name or title which you want to foist on them ? Why not let the truth be sufficient for a change . The women who spread the news that they had seen Jesus were just ordinary folk who were overjoyed at what they  d found out ? Preachers ? No !Here  s a link to a list of some female missionaries . But I  m sure they knew better than to ever preach the Gospel .
For a guy who couldn  t get approved for the Ambassador to the U . N . years ago , couldn  t get approved for anything since ,  begged  me for a non Senate approved job , which I gave him despite many saying  Don  t do it , sir ,  takes the job , mistakenly says  Libyan Model  on T . V . , and .. ... many more mistakes of judgement , gets fired because frankly , if I listened to him , we would be in World War Six by now , and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty & untrue book . All Classified National Security . Who would do this ?News Flash : Don Jr . is on the ONLY person in the past 3 years to write a " true " book .
As expected ! Cyril is shocked and suprised Hi ... Is he ? Watching him listening to questions from the opposition parties yesterday was more than annoying .. He seemed bored and uninterested .. Opinion, are SA  ns really suprised by this ?
Tips for surviving Twitter : 1 . Switch off all your notifications . That's it . I find it incredibly satisfying knowing that , for the most part , I never see the hateful bile that they're wasting so much of their time producing .What on earth have I just read
But you  re right about a mess of components . Seems like it could be impractical to convert . I ran into another issue - I tried to create a new Blazor ! app to work with some legacy code and data , and had to use a 32 - bit driver . Didn  t seem supported with Core . Sorry , didn  t mean to sounded mean . Twitter isn  t the best platform to express feeling . In my limited experience with developers maintaining an  outdated  stack , it isn  t the technology that  s holding them back , it  s the lack of ambition or willingness to try something new .THIS ! ^ You  re spot on . Developers are agents of change and yet we fear changes in our own tools .
I can't explain this picture I took today this one is much cuter because self control is a pomegranatethe generous pineapple is my spirit animal / fruit also where is the tomato that teaches inclusion ?
Reminder of the historical record . Here  s a 2013 piece reporting on Trudeau making the case for KXL , in DC , to Democrats . asked me to respond to . See attached . Thanks for the opportunity . #KXLImagine that . A politician making baseless accusations . Because has * never * done that before .
What does that BS have to do with what clyburn said ? Employment numbers are   stats for governments to keep the population fattened up for the slaughteryou didnt get the from Clyburn ? LMFAO
I  m trying to get over my fear of sounding sarcastic in emails when I don  t put an exclamation mark at the end of a sentence .  Sure , no problem !    Sure , no problem .   My  can do  positivity in emails is transformed into mindless puppy-dog happiness the moment I press  send  .Someone should invent a hashtag like ?
Almost 1 % of Americans are incarcerated . Warehousing human beings is big business in USA , of profit to be made , from construction companies to prison guards , to social workers , to police , prosecutors & judges . Everyone has their beak in this honey pot . Incarcerating the working age , unemployed has the effect of lowering the reported unemployment rate .' Brave New World ' scenario : Some genius president will manage to get the incarcerated counted as employed . And when that doesn't create enough favorable propaganda , he will keep them ' employed ' but removed them from the labor force . ( but frighteningly maybe not ) .
on this fraud . The NASDAQ might as well be renamed the Mexican stock exchange at his point . Ethics , financial and fiduciary responsibility to investors is gone . 1K solar , roofs 420 funding , Robotaxis , Full-Self Driving statements were all made under the premise of securing investor money and were materially false . This ladies and gentleman is the textbook definition of fraud . I actually am an investor in a stock I want to crash so sanity and accountability returns to our markets . Yet I have to own it because of the irrationality of the investmentRight because publicly listed companies never makes statements that they fail to execute on or have to revise .. by your definition most companies are frauds
" Retroactive abortion " is just murder , isn't it ? That's what that means ? Thatcher commissioned him to create a mathematical formula to quantify quality of life , to be used in assessing people with disabilities right to live . Two thirds of the formula related to the ability to contribute financially to society .Because how well one can adhere to the structures of capitalism is definitely the most important thing .
Dude I've played every version of that game multiple times . That doesn't place it above critique . and who said it did ? all im saying is naotos arc has nothing to do transitioning , only sexism in the workplace . Dont make it something its not about . She only wanted to be accepted in her career choice literally nothing more .She muted me . Told a transperson that she knows transphobia better than I do . All while I was trying to respectfully explain things to her , even gave my own personal experience on the matter . Wow , what a great trans ally .
What  s that ? Shannon got me on the Circle It  s good I like it , I  m learning a lot about the flu and vaccines .That vaccines are a pain in the ass to make and we work really hard for it but then people yell at us because everyone who got into healthcare did it to poison the population with autism #exhaustedpharmacist
Is it not the investigation that will reveal the truth ? When is the investigation starting , Sir ? I  m not in position to say that . I  m simply a concerned , loyal and patriotic citizen who wants and believes in his country and crave for everything to work properly .Suffice to say , there's no basis for & there should be NO investigation . After all , for d love of d country , one's OWN daughter that is " eminently qualified " can & should be employed & appointed to work & " serve " d citizenry . Wailers see " patriotic " act as NEPOTIC act
My backlog is spiraling out of control . #FirstWorldProblems Don't think we can help you there .Maybe if I only played through a game once and moved on ... " Damnit game developers , stop making fun games with replay value ! "
Hmm , well it is difficult to replicate a service that doesn't want to go south of the river and inconvenience itself . Stand on Blackfriars bridge right now and see the illuminated lights going south ( looking to pick up there ) and the hired taxis heading north ( picked up in the south ) . You  d concede the point after about 4 minutesMy comment is based on experience of multiple instances of trying to get a taxi after an evening out . Try getting a taxi from West end to take you to South East London . Not interested . Great service
Johnny never abusive towards her , she was I saw the footage of him hurling items at her while she stood there and did and said nothing . Sit down .Hmm . Somehow , I must have missed that part . Can you please provide the footage to back up your claim because if that actually happened , boy , is my face red . #JusticeForJohnnyDepp
Your slander is actionable . The proof is with Alan not the accuser . He will have his day in court . Yes , and he'll rot in jail where he belongs .So you resort to ad hominems in defending someone who claims to have been misrepresented . Look up when you're taking a break from trolling .
Ya , that's not Canada . Please dont use someone else's pollution problems to pad your agenda . That's Haiti , as it said at the bottom of the video , 10 countries contribute 90 % of ocean pollution , Canada isn't one of them . The caption is sarcasm to what #liberal Catherine McKenna said .Some people are pretty thick when it comes to picking up on , Storm !
Well OK , Joe , thanks for your call . If I ever reach the pinnacle of my industry , especially after years of people publicly telling me how much I suck , and my wife sticks by me the whole way , you better believe she  ll be up on the podium with me , probably with a glass of wine .Behind every good man is a good woman . BEHIND ! Not on the podium ! Get her ass outta there ! ! ! It's through sickness and health , not through Super Bowl and interview .
This is beyond disappointing to see this sort of thing happening in British Columbia . We don  t stereotype and fear monger in the face of a health scare . We need to work together to fight the virus , not each other . Together we are so much stronger . China is also money laundering , importing illegal fentanyl , and manipulating our housing market not to mention the spying . Should we apologize for this too ?Yes , and once you  re done apologizing ... head on over to yelp to give everything that came out of China a 5 star review .
3 . Not only have #US #USMilitary failed , they've #Failed Miserably , even with backing & support on the ground by / / & other . Moreover , in doing so have murdered 10s of 1000s of at home , & by ! . ct 4 . #Killing / #Murdering by Drone Strike must be the most #cowardly way to kill ... let alone - or ... but the have made or their new ... Why ? Because it's the cheapest way to .5 . Of course , the final is ... By the way , I still don't quite understand if #Americans understand the term Irony - or what it actually means ... but they created the #Taliban . The completely #US supported became the ... & the " didn't see it coming " !
What about just a new map instead lol bungie really needs to stop listening to nostalgic players Because we are scared that the new maps are going to be like citadel , firebase echo or equinoxWhat about updating the Iron  to include badass weapons as an incentive to the grind ? Or at least change the weapons since I think the current IB weapon inventory has been the same since the war of 1812 ...
If you use global proxies instead of local ice cores , it becomes obvious that we are now warmer than at any time in the last 10,000 years . According to your chart , the temperature has risen by 1 degree C over 10000 years . How will we cope if it goes up a tiny bit more ? Better tax everything and put the UN in charge !Indeed , let's reinstate tyranny #EUSSR and tax the living daylights out of individual liberty .
It still doesn  t answer the question Oh sorry , didn't realize the question you were seeking to have answered . From the Canadian Oxford : " hereditary : passed down from one generation to another ; descending from inheritance ; holding a position by inheritance . "Oh well then I'm the hereditary leader of Winnipeg and I ask you to quote me before Brian Bowman henceforth since apparently democracy doesn't matter anymore
Holy F , what is he thinking ? That has to be a massive amount of games suspension . I don  t even know the number but it has to be double digits . That  s a dangerous weapon . He did not even get a minor penalty ! Why do we even have referees ?Someone has to be there to give Gallagher a penalty for getting his stupid head in the way of Chara  s stick ! Otherwise , how would the game be fair ?
So shut down oil and gas is the plan ? Lol good luck ... I  m all for alternative energy sources but there needs to be a transition not an immediate shut down ... Yes , google what oil and gas is used for and try and explain how an immediate shut down could possibly work ..1 . ) You're the only one who brought up " immediate " 2 . ) fossil fuels are awesome because if there  s even a modest supply disruption a total crisis ensues
Lots of people saying  this deal gets judged on if Toffoli re-ups with #Canucks  . Toffoli wife works for the #Dodgers . likely a pure rental . If he makes an impact , #canucks break playoff drought , and this market can get excited about winning again , then the deal is a success . Canucks have lawyers and cap specialists that study this daily , yet the comments from some who don  t even work in this industry seem to think they know better than they do . My dad was a plumber for 40 yrs . That  s like me going to his work and telling him he  s doing it wrong .Yeah but , like , if your dad walks into my bathroom and I say , " Oh it's just a clog , can you fix it ? " and he opens the door in 30 minutes and there's shit all over the walls and the floor is flooded , I'm pretty sure I can deduce he did something wrong . #butalsoserious
So far no bad losses for this BYU team besides the utes   That was our worst one . Absolutely should not have happenedWe just shouldn't schedule them . No benefit .
Derek Mackay said : " I take full responsibility for my actions . I have behaved foolishly and I am truly sorry . I apologise unreservedly to the individual involved and his family . I spoke last night with the First Minister and tendered my resignation with immediate effect . " Nicola Sturgeon said : " Derek has taken full responsibility for his actions and apologises unreservedly for them to the individual involved and to those he has let down . He has submitted his resignation as a government minister which I have accepted . "She accepted it by texting him
7.5 hours of dialogue and listening = zero blockades removed . That Minister isn  t modest progress , that  s abject failure . #CoastalGasLink The no-name minister ? Who is this guy ?A groomsman from Trudeau  s wedding . Totally qualified to be the Indigenous Services Minister
Bolton  s profiteering is reprehensible , but thank House Democrats for maximizing his profits by refusing to subpoena him because they want to  focus on healthcare  Yeah , let's be angry at democrats instead ! !Dude , what is wrong with you , don  t you know everything is the Dems fault ?
Kali is a crime . They should build their own toolsets on something more secure , without default root access . " kali is a crime . they should build their own toolsets " you mean they should apt-get their own tools on debian , you know , the ones packaged neatly and maintained by the kali team .I'm sorry , I forgot to add the tag when retweeting a story about pice warning parents to report their kids for using Kali .
No ! No he won't ! And you damn well know it ! You coward ! ( Sorry . I think that's just * one lie too many * for me , today . ) I hope I run in to him in town . He  s retiring near me . I  ll never let him forget what he did .Lamar  s career began by helping Patriotic Tennesseans swear him in as Gov early to prevent Governor Blanton  s continuing bad behavior . #hypocrisy
slave quarters . When the one student showed a building and stated that this was the location of slave quarters , the teacher stopped him . He was told that it wasn't appropriate to talk about slaves . ( I should mention , I live in Virginia , so this topic is often mishandled . ) What a missed opportunity to have a real conversation about a horrible time in our history and its continued impact on our present . The message that sends ( unintended or not ) is not good . I'm disappointed .Because all bad things are stopped in the future by not talking about them . Ever . And then teaching kids that .
Chuck Schumer on Senate floor : " The Republicans refused to get the evidence because they were afraid of what it would show . And that's all that needs to be said . " Here is why ... Republicans voted against removing Trump . They were Bribed by Trumps legal team with millions in campaign donations .You must have been mistaken , isn't that called " draining the swamp " ?
Ontario Conservative government :  If you are sick stay home  Same government :  we are reducing amount of legal sick days , cutting paid sick leave , and repealing rule prohibiting employers from requiring doctor  s notes whenever employee takes a sick day  #CoronaVirusCanada yeah if I don  t go to work I don  t get paid , if I don  t get paid I don  t have a home to stay inside of ... guess I  ll just die ?Well that will cut down on the sick days you take
Voting opens tomorrow to select your Labour candidate for Barnet and Camden in the London Assembly   Together we can continue delivering transformative , socialist change for Barnet and Camden . ( Find out why I  m standing for the GLA : #outtakes What does ' transformative socialist change mean ? Does it mean that the bins will be collected on time ?No . It means the bins will decide if they want to be collected . After all , inanimate pieces of plastic have rights too . Just in case , there are any of the #LoonyLeft out there who didn't get that . I don't want to inadvertently create a new movement .
I should of also mentioned in " J " period If J doesn't take out I period , high percentage K , L , M go lower . statistically ...Of course , I have to run that through the lottery numbers and cross it with Abraham Lincoln birthday of his wife . I'm just being , I don't want anyone getting mad at me . Today is a good day .
This four months old baby died in the freezing in Idlib , #Syria . There are hundreds of thousands of children under bombing in Idlib . The people in Idlib don  t want to die in silence . You should send message to your goverment . Stop fighting stupid wars . Now you are just asking for help from Europe . Healing starts from the inside , not out . p . s . There hasn't been under minus celsius degrees in Syria . #fakenewsOh look , Katariina , they're having nice warm snow there right now .
On #InternationalMotherLanguageDay our Fairness in Policing Inspector Khizra Dhindsa is here to extend the recruitment invitation in #Urdu Come and join us ! #IMLD2020 Boomers and Gammons will be boiling over after watching thisReally ? Tell me more over your obvious prejudice considering this is about diversity & inclusion ...
This is the result when we let #DemonRats control education   So , why did we let them and how much responsibility do we have for the result of letting them ? ? ?You  re right . We are responsible for not holding their hands and opening their ears and eyes . .
Why wait until Biden announced his Presidecy ? And why investigate with your personal consigliere rather than the FBI ?The FBI ? ! ? You cant trust the FBI , they all love Obama ! The Deep State ! ( something mumbled about emails ) MAGA !
Approx . 6,000 passengers have been banned from disembarking the cruise ship ' Costa Smeralda ' , as tests are carried out on two Chinese passengers suspected of having #coronavirus . ... #Lockdown Thousands kept on board Italian liner amid coronavirus scare | Article [ AMP ] | ReutersWell , keeping lots of humans in small spaces won't get anybody sick , nor will it make them hostile & aggressive . You go , authorities , you go !
Can someone in Goodyear ask the Indians about Puig ? There is no way he's still asking for 15 million still . I just can't wrap my head around the Indians running out an island of misfit toys in the OF when Puig is just there . Also can we ask about the re-investment of the Kluber money that Anotnetti promised ? Did Francona view Puig as a problem in the locker room as it has been rumored ? Will Paul Dolan address his comments about regular fans at the Greater Cleveland Sports Awards ?Yea .. we signed Santana . 1m this year and 6m option . That  s reinvesting .
You think people spend food stamps at small independent grocers as opposed to Walmart ?  The peoplle who will be affected  ... It will affect them positively . Notice nobody brings up all the people who were affected when taxes were raised to create and expand these programs . That was literally everyone affected .The of people defending politicians for their actions is absolutely maddening . You didn  t vote on a referendum to create #welfare or anything else . You voted on the guy to put in charge of the coffer and he went buck wild . You aren  t to blame . Stop defending them .
I'm surprised nobody has just made a medical crowd funding platform . It's deliciously evil , but supply & demand and all that ...  It's hard to look sympathetic when your asking for medical costs next to someone funding an erotic cookbookI'm trying to be evil any make money !
if y  all like Regal Eagle Smokehouse y  all are gonna love the shit out of this new hole in the wall joint called Trails End If y  all love Regal Eagle peep this crazy place called 4Rivers .rigth ? ? Go taste & we talk ... dont eat the Mac & cheese please ..
Some of my faves : " Bias bias : A bias for seeing biases , often manifesting as either claiming bias when none exists , exaggerating biases that do exist , or overgeneralizing to large swaths of life from studies finding bias in some narrow or specific context . " " Blancofemophobia : Prejudice against white women , as exemplified by dismissing the beliefs , attitudes , or behaviors of white women with phrases such as ,  White women white womening .  "One thing I've noticed that racists do is call you a racist when you point out their racism . I'm not sayin ' . I'm just sayin ' .
so a person who admits using Class A Drugs and commits conspiracy to cause grievous or actual bodily harm ... You defend we deport Democracy - you loseI concede you win the moral argument
This isn't true . All the candidates have enthusiastic supporters who believe in their candidate . Don't negate their sentiment . Hm , I feel Warren supporters aren't the worst offenders in the " negating the sentiments of other candidates ' supporters " gameAlso - you shouldn  t put things in quotation marks that aren  t actually quotes .
So not only called #NylaRose King of the mountain , but also signed off the latest Dynamitu episode with  See you Monday in Atlanta  , unless we are experiencing a new Monday night war that  s a couple big botches there #timetoretire ? Have you ever called a live sporting event ? I have . It  s impossible to do so without a few errors .Oh ... and can I point out  Dynamitu  in your tweet ? #AEWDynamite
Yeah he created life and you guys commit genocide of babies like its a damn hobby at an all you can buffet .  I have never had an abortionYeah but you are a murderer by proxy for supporting the ones that do ! !
GIRF . Does F stand for  Farse  ? And look at your customer support - Dumb nitwits . Bought a deal , place does not exist . Waste of time , petrol and money to buy the deal . We got to know this has been addressed . Looking forward for you to Dineout soon again ! :)So , you take money and make the customer run around the city . When you return the money , problem is solved . Blessed and thanks that I got my money back .
Wanna go for Dim Sum in Richmond ? I know a really good busy place and I will buy :) Both #Canada & #USA should stop all flights or at least quarantine all returning passengers for 14 days #Coranavirüs The US has stopped all flights from Mainland China . They are using Canada as a port of entry to the US . But if they are infected more will get sick here .Don't worry so much , Canadian hospitals already have so many extra beds I am sure they can handle it . Maybe they can make some bat soup for people waiting for treatment
The government is a corrupt bureaucracy run by inept , racist , sexist , patriarchal colonialists . Let's have the government run our healthcare . Privacy is like owning a firearm , you don't need it unless you are a criminal .because I often forget this is the internet and there are people out there that are literally batshit insane enough to actually think this way .
Just seen a news headline making me sick and questioning . " Woman was brutaly raped ! " Is there such a thing as non-brutal rape ? ... ... ... ... wait for it ... ... ... NO ! ! ! jeesus christ ...    Rape is kind of by fact a traumatizing brutal act There are also such discussions whether the woman provoked the rape or it's her fault because she was in wrong cloths in wrong place at wrong timeRight ? It's Always the woman's fault  . I mean , if she would dress in a black robe and close front buttons up till tight bellow the chin , she would not " tease " anyone
Bernie Sanders Is The True Face Of Today  s Democrats Bernie Sanders Is The True Face Of Today  s Democrats Communist in USA , #DemRatsThere is not such a thing as democratic communist , or democratic socialist as Mr Bernie sanders wants to sell to the young ones for next elections , #DemRats
Remember the time Chester threw his guitar on stage and it almost hit Mike ? Maybe he was trying to kill him for all the years of bullying ...  What ? Are you kidding or are you serious ?I was gonna put to it , but I felt it's obvious  sorry if that came out wrong ofc I'm just kidding
the GTS is free but you can only use it on the phone app . and I really don't think the phone app will be able to trade pokemon from your save file . If you see a pokemon you want and the pokemon they are asking for a pokemon you have in swsh but not in your box of 30 . what then ? Then you transfer it , just like if you had it in Y but needed it in Sun I didn't say it was convenient . I was countering the notion that the GTS itself was watered down . It isn't .You made Joey mad slug REEEEEEEEEEEE ! ! !
Not going to lie , I had no idea what to expect . The man walked in shook all our hands , took selfies , and whatever we asked of him . I judge people on how they treat me and others I  m with , and that  s why I really appreciated meeting . thanks for coming to #DAYTONA500 Glad he treated you ( famous / white / male / upper class ) well . I'd take a little look at how he treats the marginalized myself . Character matters - - - well at least it used to .Well , that wasn  t racist at all ? !
' BBC Shropshire radio presenter ' your bio reads . No vested interests whatsoever .  Says the person talking on twitter with a link to sell his book .. Edward " Vested interests " Howard 2020For some reason has blocked me . I think it happened just after he asked if i liked freedom of speech ..
Particularly interesting detail , especially given the Buttigieg campaign donated around $ 100,000 to the company who created the app . According to the DNC , the caucus app was only * displaying * partial results but says that all results were properly and fully recorded .Yeah I know of no reason why we shouldn't just take them at their word .
More crystal clean water for everyone ! THAT WAS SARCASM ! ! For all those lacking that particular skill .Just a thought , how about we as a community require at the end of a tweet / post if the writers aim is indeed sarcasm otherwise it give ppl being shitheads an easy out by saying it was sarcasm and play the victim when they feel the blacklash
Jeremy Corbyn has issued the following statement .  Following the tragic shooting of a man in #Streatham , I  m sure you will join me and the rest of the Labour Party in sending our condolences to his family and ask that we respect their privacy at this most difficult time  Is that condolences to a terrorists family ! No wonder the nation didn't want any part of this fool .You call him a fool yet believe this is a true statement from him ?      Don  t . Believe . Everything . You . Read . On . Social . Media .
I will vote in support of the motion to allow witnesses and documents to be subpoenaed . My full statement : You know what you can do with your vote ?Frame it for the history books ?
#China  s State Council said the proportion of infected patients said to be in a  serious condition  has dropped nationwide from more than 15 % to just over 7 % . Even in Wuhan the sitn said to have improved but number of infected there still ina  serious condition  remains over 20 % More details on the new #Hubei #coronavirus restrictions : nearly 60 million people ordered to stay at home unless there's an emergency ; the only exception is every 3 days 1 person from each household can go out to buy essential items ... [ cont ]Nothing to see here our numbers are down and everything is good .
#MenAreNotVeryGoodAt not fighting in wars and been killed for the greater good .  The nerve of you to make fun of men fighting for your liberty overseas ...If men are not very good at ' NOT ' fighting in wars and dying for the greater good that would imply men are good at it . In a ironic statement meaning the majority of people that die fighting for good are men .
Think she might have needed a security guard to protect her from people who don  t know how to use  grown up words  but act out like spoiled children using violence ? You  re defending them and not her ? Might need some  Max Headroom  in your head for rational thought ... there is absolutely nothing spoiled about not wanting intolerant racists to roam around thinking they are hot shit . there is nothing spoiled about defending yourself from people who dont like the fact you have rights .Yes there is . Striking someone YOU CLAIM is a virulent racist is called assault and / or battery . Last time I checked , nobody deputized you to be a champion against racial intolerance . Is that a Federal or State law enforcement department ? intended
Fake News & MSDNC keep talking about  Lt . Col .  Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was . Actually , I don  t know him , never spoke to him , or met him ( I don  t believe ! ) but , he was very insubordinate , reported contents of my  perfect  calls incorrectly , & ... During his Army career , Vindman earned the Ranger Tab , Combat Infantryman Badge , Expert Infantryman Badge , and Parachutist Badge , as well as four Army Commendation Medals and two Defense Meritorious Service Medals . Trump ? ? ? 5 bogus bone spurs deferments . You don  t hold a candleBut he knows more about the military than anyone ! ! !
But that wasn't what you argued . You said the story needed a male reporter . And why do you assume I haven't studied quantative stats ? Careful , your implicit bias is showing . Because my job was involved with analysing written work . I'm not perfect but I'm on the mark often . You give yourself away with " quantitative stats " . " Quantitative " is redundant as it mean numbers and stats are numbers . The other type of research is qualitative eg . focus group .I was hoping you would be able to set me straight with your superior knowledge .
We on the other hand have abolished competition , everyone who meets the minimum requirements gets to go . Competition is hurtful and unfair . Rubbish . There are way more applicants than places , so only the best are accepted .Your filters are on the fritz
The NDA referenced in a letter from the HRM CAO referred to our Master Planning documents when they were shared with HRM in April 2018 . Once the plans were publicly released at a media event in Oct . 2018 , it was no longer covered by an NDA . 2/3 I would like to take the opportunity to correct the record and share important details of the QEII New Generation project : 3/3Thanks for stating the obvious and telling us how stressful visiting a hospital and parking in that area is . And yes I can understand better the struggle the province is having with finding better ( and easier ) solutions for the parking issue
SHARE AND SPREAD THE WORD ! WE NEED A LOT OF SIGNATURES TO BE NOTICED ! Dee Snider backs petition to have AC / DC play Super Bowl half-time show Not sure classic rock groups with senior citizen line ups is the right answer here ... #SuperBowlHalftimeShow #smokeandlightsYeah , cause when I was playing football in high school and college we never once listened to AC / DC , Metallica , or Iron Maiden to get pumped up before a game or during workouts in the weight room . .
Today human rights activist & PTM staunch supporter Waqas Goraya was physically attacked by Pakistan  s establishment paid touts . I strongly condemn harassment and attacks on exiled dissidents . Pak embassies abroad shall stop facilitating those who attack exiled activists Few days ago when I was protesting in front of Pakistan consulate in New York , men came out from Pakistan embassy and stood on the stairs of Pakistan embassy ( on the premises of Pakistan Embassy ) and harassed me . They went back to Pakistan embassy when confronted by police .And you will find paid Pakistani holding indian flags in front of Indian consulate against Indian Law or singing Kashmir rant ... ... ! ! ! ah the of it all is hilarious
I love that CCTV's James Chau has blocked both me and - were we mean to point out that your broadcasts for on #PeterHumphrey contained actual lies , and intentional wrong translation ? This guy is a goodwill ambassador , unbelievable . I see this when I go to his page .What a marvellous way to spread global goodwill ! By invitation only .
Hi Ho , hi Ho , it's off to work I go ! Lol . Good morning  Good morning Nick . Have a great day .Buongiorno ! Gotta dress warm and make a stop at Tim's . It's a bit chilly today . #ItsAlotABitChilly lol
So , terrorists . Right wing terrorists . Using the threat of violence for politics , is terrorism . Must be an old definition ; only liberals and brown people can be terrorists ...Sure , but the liberals are , today , so beautiful . Nothing compared to the efficiency and extension of the extreme right ...
Wow . I hope Ed doesn't come down off the fence and tell everyone what he REALLY thinks about me ! BTW , Marsha , you DO KNOW that Ed is 100 % correct , don't you ? Including what he said about you ? #TellingItLikeItIs OMG ! I Love this man . I want to invite him over for dinner .Huh . I was thinking of inviting Marsha to dinner at my bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel . She could have miniature mushroom in special sauce ! But then I'd be making Ed's point for him ...
TRANS WOMEN ARE WOMEN TRANS MEN ARE MEN TRANS RIGHTS ARE HUMAN RIGHTS NON BINARY PEOPLE ARE VALID DYSPHORIA THREATENS LIVES TRANS PEOPLE ARE NOT INHERENTLY PREDATORY MIND YOUR BUSINESS TO ALL MY TRANS SISTERS : YOU BELONG . YOU ARE WELCOME TO SHARE MY SPACES #ExpelMe Womens boundaries are not yours to give away . Women are women Men are men . And that  s ok .Male violence is such a surprise .
Im not a fan of that exchange and the ceo isnt a fan of XRP . Theres manipulation across the board happening . Its what money does to many humans . Compromises integrity . All is fine pattern wise though . We go up more in the coming weeks to months . 2020 is GREEN . Thanks for your response . I think I will buy more tomorrow .Seems like a trustworthy fella to me
" Retroactive abortion " is just murder , isn't it ? That's what that means ? Thatcher commissioned him to create a mathematical formula to quantify quality of life , to be used in assessing people with disabilities right to live . Two thirds of the formula related to the ability to contribute financially to society .Because how well one can adhere to the structures of capitalism is definitely the most important thing .
Of course , but saying Reyes will win by KO against the GOAT is pretty far-fetched . I bet on you against KG as a dog and you cashed that ticket for me , so I remember that fight pretty well . I didn't say you won a fight 5 years ago , I said you've won one fight in the last 5 years . Anderson was the GOAT at one point too . He got KOed . Not far fetched .Who KOed Anderson ? ? I don  t remember that ?
A nice review of yesterday  s Scandella trade . #Habs Roundtable reaction : Canadiens trade Marco Scandella to Blues for a second This trade was necessary for right now . Hopefully it has the impact of getting the coach to make more sensible decisions in a losing effort . But I  m not hopeful it means Bergevin knows what he has to do since reported Bergevin tried to re-sign Scandella first . #HabsNothing says commitment to winning more than trying to sign your 5-6 dman .
Breaking News : The Boy Scouts of America filed for bankruptcy , succumbing to pressures including a surge in legal costs over its handling of sexual abuse claims You go WOKE then you go brokeGod damn ! It rhymes , and everything ! LOL ! #BoyScoutsCrimeSyndicate
There is no debate . The census says : White  A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe , the Middle East , or North Africa . Yeah , that's wrong on so many accounts I don't know where to start . Let's just say that the way we categorize is definitely inaccurate and leads to a tremendous amount of confusion , because it is wrong .No , she's right . People from Saudi Arabia and Morocco are white now !
Apologies my mistake . I'll rephrase , if the demographics of the area are type A and type B is the best candidate ? The best person for the job should get it regardless of quotas imo . Equally , I wouldn't expect the Scots to make sure they always interviewed an Englishman , Irishman and Welshman just to show they were being inclusive . Hence , reflective of the area .Going off piste , in my lifetime that formulation used to be the basis of many a joke . I doubt it would be considered acceptable these days . Oh how times are a changing .
The people at the FBI who abused their power to try to take down ' s campaign need to go to jail . Period . Dems should be outraged too . But apparently they don't care about stopping election interference when it benefits them . I agree . A strong message must be sent .I have to say ... Every time I saw on talking about being around ' flippers ' for most of his life and how maybe it should be illegal , I couldn't help hear & crack up about the  sirens getting louder in the background
It clearly says ' I need a pass to start watching ' Please see here on how to cancel : if you are unable to there is a live chat on this page .As simple as that eh ? I must have dreamt I canceled in November . #useless
Whenever I'm abroad , I make sure I only speak English . To use a foreign language would be ' cultural appropriation ' , and that's racist . When you come to my country you best speak AMERICAN ! And speak it good like us do !Would that be New England , New York , Deep South , Upper Midwest , or California American ? lol
#BernieSanders lavishes praise on Communist Russia , preferring the Soviet Union to the American way of life #NevadaCaucus So because he didn't dishonestly say everything was awful , he's lavishing praise ? He also expressed displeasure with the government . This is a pretty sad attempt at a smear .Why ruin an opinion with the truth .
Jimmy showing us how good his memory is ! #legend Anyone know where in Cornwall he won that Amatuer title ? ?I know ! He did a Q & A for me for a blog post and one of the answers he gave was wrong ! It was about him too . Somebody commented on the post giving the correct info . It was supposedly his most memorable victory too !
A newspaper column can only be so long , and there were so many beliefs that I couldn  t fit them all . But if you have some , please tweet them with #IBelieve and we  ll pick out some of the best . I believe that all the patents that Ivanka's company recieved in China were on her own merit and not because of her name ! #IBelieveI believe that Trump has been faithful to ALL of his wives ! #IBelieve
What will Trump do to increase his chances for a chaotic 2020 election season ? Feels like there are some options missing here ...You know that is sort of my point here ... I do hope we remove him from power to prevent this . He will pull every lever available to him . He already did this on Jan 3 and it was sickening .
Oh , come on . Nothing in Spain ? And not . We aren't a Mexican region . But we were neightbours for 4 centuries . By force . By our force , in fact . We basically killed and massacred all them . We are terrible people . I wouldnt come here neither , honestly . #FuckChristopherColumbus I feel weird cause it seems like I am the only one who laughed with your tweet ...Probably you are  . It's so curious bcs I didn't say NOTHING , absolutly nothing criticizing mexican people , I just criticize my own country and its dark past in South American .
" previous head trauma " " involvement in other contact sports " - " Study coordinators gather info . on demographics ; education medical history , previous head trauma , both related & unrelated to athletic activities , & prior involvement in other contact sports . "  Ideally , future studies would build on these results and help us identify ways to predict irreversible injury so we could reduce the risks for these professional athletes before it  s too late ,  Bernick said .No one could figure this out . No one . #witchcraft
Well well well . Maybe this backlash against Senator Romney is gaining legs ? He  s staging for Bloomberg  s VP pick . #DontBeliveMeJustWatchPierre Delecto always knows how to win and make great political decisions #hugeloser
It's been said by others but I'll say it too : The way China is reporting almost an identical number of new coronavirus cases each day ( approximately 3000 ) MUST be a reflection of its diagnosis capacity rather than the true caseload , which is likely much worse . Test kits are limited to $ 4k per dayTherefore no tests no more cases , maybe this might work for unwanted pregnancy . I mean if you cant test for it are you truly pregnant ?
... Go away with your Negative Vibe jare ! ! ! It  s not Negative vibe mann it  s just facts ... situations surrounding us are crazy mann ...You see say I laugh before the comment ... It's just nothing serious ! ! ! Hopefully we'll get there someday
They're way off . Maybe a 3rd or 4th rounder . You know basketball only has 2 rounds ?Yeah , so maybe 5th or 6th for Okoro .
Hey Stefan , sorry to hear this ! Did you speak with the restaurant team for help with your order ? Or the London Bridge one . Or the Manchester one . Neither ever get them right ! 10 items we had missing our last group orderShocking performance . But at least they have a nice  apology  to make it up to us paying customers .
That  s a lovely string bag but the rope handles make it a bit bulkier than it should be amirite ? The beauty of my string bag * clears throat * is that it collapses right down into the palm of the hand I use to wave frantically at strangers . I think you are right . I like mine , but string bags aren  t the hill I want to die on . And , speaking of hills , the fit flops look like a good tip .They  re called Nyssa , which is like Lissa only more negative
This case is ridiculous . Isn  t there any end to the number of petitions these monsters can file ? And they do one by one .. I hate the lawyer as much as the criminals . Doesn't he have a familyGosh ! Just read the reasoning for stay order ... they've not exhausted all legal options ( their lawyer forgot to say - for a proven heinous illegal act ) ! ! ! just walked into a puddle and drowned
" Oh , but women like a good listener ! They want someone who gives them space and respects their independence ! " Uh , no . Sorry , soy beta , but THIS is what a hot man looks like ( to women ) . #dealwithit Obvious this post is fake news , Conan was not fictional , I saw him on tv . Thank you .Yeah , I saw that tag after I posted . BIG surprise that a Silicon Valley corporation is part of the feminization of our young men .
Twitter banned and silenced me because I was standing up for Africans & black Americans while supporting in a video I posted that went viral . They  re so desperate to silence educated black people and keep black people misinformed and hateful that it  s pathetic ! But by gosh , they will let Bishop Swan spew hate against white evangelicals and conservative blacks . And I mean Hate .Funny , he's " banned " yet he's still here and you're still replying to him .
This needs to be said loud & clear & MANY X > > > whether you're in US or not . F * CK YOU if you stand on shoulders of liberals & moderates & talk about how " the establishment " did nothing . You're talking about people who risked their lives & dedicated careers to progressive causes . What IS the establishment ? People , who aren  t you , who are running things ? And when you run things , do you become the establishment ? How does that work ?Yeah - just means those who have done something for a long time . The " establishment " is a straw bogey pushed by Bernie but just means " Dems who dont love me " & lapped up by the easily-led with no clue how things work or understanding of history . Bernie is establishment .
Democratic strategist James Carville on Pres . Trump's electoral strength : " He got 44.8 % in 2018 . He suffered the worst electoral defeat in the House ever ... but yet , the media is going , ' Oh , he's so strong , he's so powerful , he's so this . ' No he's not ! " This guy is one smart cookie !Yeah , he  s been so on point lately
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure . We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri . You are true Champions ! The Team White House ads were a big win for the night . This administration has accomplished more for the black community than the Democrats have ever done !You know it  s true when a white middle aged man says it .
Perlmutter asking for NASA to consider establishment of Space Resource Institute ( in Colorado , no doubt ) on a bill that specifically prohibits ISRU on the Moon . Who is hating on ISRU & why ? Doesn  t make sense .Why to use cheap and available resources on the astronomical object when you can contract a big firms / corporates from Earth to provide the material ? ! #makesNoSense
BTW I'd suggest well over 90 % of the proposed code text and zoning map is unchanged since early October . So I , for one , have had plenty of time to vet and consider what was before #ATXCouncil at 2nd Reading . #ATXLDC I have also heard been ' lobbied ' on #ATXLDC by way more non-profit , community advocacy , and neighborhood groups than corporate lobbyists . I suspect the same is true for others .It  s only been nine months since staff received policy direction . Why are we railroading this through ?
Some people ask me  With what you are facing , why don  t you lay low and stop tweeting and giving your opinion about the president ?  The answer is easy - I  m not going to start acting guilty or stop speaking truth to power . Ever . Because it  s not in my DNA and I  m not guilty . And if I  m ever going down ( and I  m not ) , I  m going down swinging . It is all I know and it is how I am built .Funny how you actually put that out there  IF I  m going down .   Methinks you might be a bit panicked . #PanicInDC
and as someone who recently lost my medicaid and can  t afford my medicine , i understand the sacrifice i make for illegals to be able to feed their families . i  d do it again too . that was your argument . that employers pocket the medicaid / SS $ so it hurts poor americans . i  m classified as a poor american .You're on here right now defending a practice that hurts the poor .
TBH , the uproar seems astonishingly bigoted and intolerant . What happened to freedom of expression and religion ? Sure , people have a wonderful right to disagree and say so , but the public vilification reveals many to be hugely intolerant of anything and anyone they disagree with . That tends to happen went you condemn and entire group to hell based on a sexuality they're born with ...Oh , but your condemnation of him  s still allowed , right ?
Real Journalists & reporters don't tweet trash like this . Remember kids , Trashy tweets come from trashy people . What does soy milk taste like ? #betaDepends on the brand . Most soy milk doesn't really have a taste . Oat milk is the way to go , obviously is totally out of touch as she doesn't realize this . Also , soy doesn't ' dullen ' senses , everyone knows it makes your breasts grow bigger . Jeez .
I don  t get it . Why not bring him back for that ? When will you understand that this ownership hates their fans ? They think the fans are so stupid and so far beneath them it  s insulting .... and yeah ; they hate the very fans on whom they rely to make their business a success .
You do know that the United States is LEADING the way in both reduction of carbon pollution and total pollution generated ( as in the least amount of global countries ) WTF more y  all want ? So I assume it  s safe to say that you  ve given up driving your car , gone off the grid ( generate your own green power and don  t produce trash ? Or are you just saying  other people need to do more  ?Oh yeah , because that's a viable option in the society we've created and I'm a MAJOR contributor to the problem . This deflection is idiotic and has been called out over and over again .
Barr must resign as Attorney General immediately to restore public confidence in the integrity of the Department of Justice . Please add your name to this petition and pass it on . #BarrMustResign Alyssa keep fighting for abortion for all at any age of the child . We need women to be free to achieve their potential . And also get rid of Barr .Why stop there , let  s fight for the right to kill babies and toddlers outside of the womb . They are fully dependent on us and if we don  t want the responsibility , we should not have to deal with it . #mychoice #killingisok
Of the 12 witnesses who testified publicly before the House impeachment inquiry , only 5 still have their job . CORRECTION : Of the 12 witnesses who testified publicly before the House impeachment inquiry , only 4 still have their job .But it  s OK , Susan Collins is  concerned  . That  ll make a big difference ! Right ?
For Valentine  s Day , remember that people will let you down , but not a single goddamn time has Taco Bell ever let you down . No no no , you don  t go to Taco Bell to get tacos . You go to Taco Bell to get grade-D beef and some lowkey salad thrown into a cheap mass-produced corn pocket  and it is DELICIOUS . No one here is claiming that  s an authentic taco ! It  s a beautiful cover band !When I was pregnant Taco Bell was one of the few things I could eat that didn  t make me sick
There is no need for more evidence to prove that the president asked Ukraine to investigate Joe Biden and his son , Hunter ; he said this on television on October 3 , 2019 , and during his July 25 , 2019 , telephone call with the president of Ukraine . 2/15 There is no need for more evidence to conclude that the president withheld United States aid , at least in part , to pressure Ukraine to investigate the Bidens ; the House managers have proved this with what they call a  mountain of overwhelming evidence .  3/15& both represented this statement much differently than I just read it . They made it seem like was being serious that the #HouseManagers proved the case & congratulating them . I read this to be #FakeNewsMedia
Forget the worst candidates for Potus . Who is the worst Commissioner of the 4 Major Sports Leagues ? This is a hard one . There  s the best Adam Silver and then there  s everyone elseBest commissioner in the worst of the pro sports .
Are you watching State of the union ? I started to but 5 seconds in the lies started ! His cult members are the only ones clapping and cheering !I know , I know  . He said something like my , " Destiny was being hijacked . " I was previously unaware that was even a thing , but we're all safe now .
Know the feeling . Expect $ 250 in my account but really $ 50 . How bad are you at keeping track of your bank account Kevin lol . There is no way I would never not account for $ 200 lol . I typically keep track down to the penny haha . I am constantly looking at it lolWe keep track of whats going . We would now if $ 200 disappears . Lol
I  ve been thinking a lot about why we do the things we do . I paint . I often think it  s because my brain likes to solve problems . It must be chemical / evolutionary linked . Also tribal . I like to make art that links me to others . Is there any research that you recommend ? Check out the concept of originary technicity and epiphylogenesis .What does that mean ? No wonder pupils don't understand #joke
PSA : if you  re on a highway with two lanes , the left the lane is for passing . If you  re not passing someone , you should be in the right lane . If you  re not doing this , you  re the jerk putting everyone else on the road in danger . Don  t be a jerk . If the person in the right lane is doing the speed limit , is it possible to pass them without sinning ?Yes . State laws aren  t the ultimate Law of God . I think that  s how that works .
Just wrapped up for the day , one of my students had a great idea to reduce distance . Go back to wearing sport coats and ties , it would reduce mobility    . Are talking bifurcation ? ? Never OMG . BTW I so dislike comparing golf to other sports .on the bifurcation . Truth on the comparo ...
THAT is the best you got from the tweet    going into immature territory . Not surprised as that is your home terf   You take this way to seriously lol I honestly don  t like watching human being de-evolve but you do it in styleKeep makin assumptions ... You know what they say about people who assume right . Oooh I'm sooo hurt by you I'm laughing my ass off watching you the Brad Pitt of devolving ... And I'm sure you have style like you share MUCH similarities with the person in this gif
Do you have an issue with parked police vehicles ? Yeah they shouldn't be parked on sidewalks .Ya know what , you are right ! Let  s start a revolution for police cars parked on sidewalks ! ! Anarchy now ! ! ! is fun !
Friendly reminder that J . J . Abrams , a director with zero experience in costume design , overrided Michael Kaplan , a multi-award-winning costume designer on all three sequel trilogy films , when Kaplan said that #Rey needed a total " redesign " for #StarWars #TheRiseOfSkywalker . You mean Rey wasn't meant to be the most boring bland creature in the universe ? My cure for #Rey is my own comics and stories . Like the ones pictured below ... aint no mary sues in my world building .Yes , Rey should have been given the stunningly creative costume design of ... a sleeveless T-Shirt and some jeans .
BREAKING : Hong Kong reports first death from coronavirus , according to Cable TV RIP ... But I can hear the panic rumbling and all the sensational hate comments #KeepBalancedYea , look at the hate crime Hong Kong police did . And Hong Kong Gov . are yelling humanity first now .
Gopal says he wanted to study at Jamia 5 years ago , and once when he went to submit admission form , he was bullied by some students who asked him to chant Azadi slogans , and made him rub his nose on ground . He became self-radicalized as a result . Source : a report in TheSquint . He is 18 years old , and before 5 years , he may be studying in 9th or at max 10th , for what did hi applied for in Jamia ? Have some brain bhai .. Be a Bhakt , but don't be an Andhbhakt .This was just a post . U people r so busy in trolling bhakts that u even didn't able to Recognize a
With an economy this good , it's no wonder Barack Obama is trying to take credit . But I believe the saying is : " You didn  t build that . Somebody else made that happen .  made that happen . Clearly there  s some lasting brain damage ...Oh I  m sure they are just headaches .
If I have learned anything from the usual press gallery members who have not spoken a word about attacks on press freedoms by RCMP in the Wet  suwet  en Yintah , media exclusion zones are a totally acceptable practice in a free and democratic Canadian society . Which is fine , except then they should have to explain what the safety * concern * is . And honestly , we put reporters in freakin ' WAR ZONES . Are they saying unarmed protesters are more dangerous than Iraq right now ?Sorry dude ... that was that you hear so much about .
Not going to lie , I had no idea what to expect . The man walked in shook all our hands , took selfies , and whatever we asked of him . I judge people on how they treat me and others I  m with , and that  s why I really appreciated meeting . thanks for coming to #DAYTONA500 Glad he treated you ( famous / white / male / upper class ) well . I'd take a little look at how he treats the marginalized myself . Character matters - - - well at least it used to .Well , that wasn  t racist at all ? !
Dispirited that six Afg counternarcotics police officials are allegedly involved in drug smuggling . The drug trade fuels instability and undermines good governance & development of Afghanistan  s economy . Important for law enforcement to take action against corrupt officials . AGW Afghanistan is run by terrorists and drug lords .Yup . Your banana bankrupt republic is run by sobers .
Czech PM : we can ' go home ' if countries insist on lower budget at EU summit Love it when billionaire begs for poor people money .You should put hashtag For sure :)
The definition of " thin-skinned . " I guess she meant " Ciao " ? But hey , she got my name right , so ... I'd guess she just doesnt have time to trifle with irrelevant little pissants ? ?Says the Canadian ' lover of dachsunds ' .
And he is a gift from Christina   So what ? That  s means we have to bow down to him ... My darling I don  t think sobc Cristina has such a good history with men
#Breaking : The claim by that there was a charge for previous evacuations has been challenged by this man , who was extracted from Egypt during the Arab Spring . It's time to ditch the $ 1000 fee . Via #coronavirus #auspol So what he meant to say was , under an LNP government it is normal to seek payment for evacuations , however , under a Labor government there would be no charge .After all , this is a catastrophic world virus . Why shouldn't our " government " take the opportunity to charge all it possibly can to fly Australian citizens out of " ground zero " and into the " safety " of an off-shore prison - without appropriate medical facilities ? #auspol
Indeed - I see were this criticism is going . Some #concern on how things are going is #justifiable . #ClimateChange may be a in of , of and so on - a deeper look on potential correlations is needed . And co-operation let's wait artificial intelligence to resolve it ...I appreciate this #challenge for betterment in the form of - #AI is not our mommy , indeed , nor capable to qure everything on its own , at least for now
The ball isn't always behind his recievers . Yes there are sometimes where the ball is behind the recievers but majority of the time he's on target . Oh but of course You're a Dak hater alsoand you are a dak fan boy ...
Yes ; I'm saying there is no civil case to answer . Or else Norway would be bankrupt . So I can steal your money and if I give it to my kids you have no right to get it back , correct ?That's a criminal offence . And you were saying I don't understand the difference between a criminal and civil case ...
And this is ok to stereotype ? Not hardly . Apparently these idiots don  t know the characters that well . I mean really ! Ive never been a coke whore . At the same time .  Don  t you hate it when your soap characters don  t adhere to stereotypes ?I do ! Because when I watch soaps , I want them to be just like my life ! Not some fantasy , escape world that takes me away in the afternoons
Yes because why not just believe every rando with a story ? What kind of weirdo has a cell convo with some one when pulled over for speeding , lol . Hey I got some flying unicorn pictures for u too . Lol i was already talking to her and I was on FaceTime .Speeding & face timing , lol , please keep it up as this just shows complete brilliance .
You don't ' collect more VRP ' being short a 2 year option at 15 vol vs a 3 - month option at 13 vol . The theta you collect is much , much lower , and typically so is the vol rolldown per unit of time . I would hate trying to close a 2 year option when the SHTF these days .Apparently when 1M / 2M go backward below 15 vol you sell long dated vega into the ground ... seems easy to close if you are a buyer . JIC its missed
Not sure I agree but not clear about the jobs you suggest will go away ? Clarify ? The community health promotion people who can  t get communities active ? The cardiac rehab specialists who can  t stop dropout ? The personal trainers who can  t improve retention ? The preventive medicine / wellness clinic folks whose classes are empty ? All the jobs our students get .In fact , I can see the only jobs for exercise specialists will be in Universities lecturing about how problematic the issue is !
" Harassment of all forms is unacceptable to me , and we urge supporters of all campaigns not to engage in bullying or ugly personal attacks , " Sanders said . Thank you . Friend posted this from a Warren rally yesterday . A Bernie supporter in the audience holding up a sign  endorse Bernie already .  Simply horrid behavior yet again ., right ? Otherwise I'm struggling to find this " horrid " .
( He was fine out there , it  s batting practice . He  s just an easy target for the team  s jokesters . ) No one was laughing at Franmil Reyes at the plate , though . Home run after home run after home run during batting practice .Oh great ... so now our pitchers stink ! ! ! #ugh
These refs are letting them play ... not calling anything it seems . Lmaoooo unless we try to set a screenThe consistency in the ACC is amazing ! !
When reporters are interviewing a member of Congress who is clearly not very bright , do they have an obligation to go a little easier on them because they are not smart ? Asking for a friend . Nope , hit ' em hard . Not everyone is going to be a political nerd , but you would think Senators and lawyers involved in the actual trial would read a book or two , at least the Constitution . #AmericansWantWitnesses #AmericansDemandWitnesses #WeWantWitnessesThe consti-what ? Never heard of it . Does it come in an audio book ?
Y  all act surprised when people  act a fool in public  but also be the first ones sharing the stupid shit on social media If you TRULY don  t like or condone such behavior don  t give it the publicity .People are going to keep doing the crap just for likes , because that  s all that matters
No-deal Brexit / WTO tariffs paid by importers of UK exports : Beef 84 % Cheese 57 % Wheat 53 % Butter 48 % Lamb 48 % Pork 30 % Potatoes 11.5 % Fish 9.6 % Current EU membership tariffs : Beef 0 % Cheese 0 % Wheat 0 % Butter 0 % Lamb 0 % Pork 0 % Potatoes 0 % Fish 0 % Spot the problem . don't forget fishing ! i don't know what's going to change but we should definitely be getting bigger fish once the eu isn't holding us backDoes putting Ex-Tory voter excuse you from the fact that at some point you voted for them and would imagine at the point they gave the vote that has led to this mess in the first place ?
2of2 maybe testing is growing at 5 % but inflation is 2 % . The counter-point is the number of testing conferences , and attendees , has explored . / exploded / . for those really into software testing , there is an in-joke in there .Yep talking about it is not the same as doing it , but we already know that , don  t we ? Being an engineer is sexy , apparently , after all writing masses of code to validate code will save us all #tester
We will trek all the way to our offices may God help us lagos state has asked everyone to go buy a car .More cars and buses in lagos . Yes , that exactly what lagos needs to help with the constant heavy traffic and already congested roads .
So load shedding ended at 6am but starts again at 9am ? I guess at least people can get ready for work etc ? Get's ready to go to the work with no power .It  s now company  s responsibility to produce the power they need to keep running . If they can  t then they don  t deserve to exist . Survival of the fittest , is keeping the economic DNA strong .
The New York Times launched the #1619project , a collection of essays , criticism and art about how the America that we know today didn't start in 1776 - - it started in August 1619 , when a ship carrying enslaved Africans landed in Virginia . This is such a great series and I appreciate all the racists replying to this tweet so I can easily figure out who to block .This is such a great comment from a White Liberal Savior , who , since I am obviously incapable of being offended , stands in the gap and gets offended for me ! What would I ever do without you ?
Truly disgusted right now . I don  t want a debate on the Merits or de Merits of Katie Hopkins the person . Or the validity or not of the opinion she is expressing OR in fact any previous tweets . This one . Who hasn  t seen the equivalent or WORSE almost daily ? #FreeSpeech Does the word " Racist " actually mean anything anymore ? Hell give it time and we will be racist if only buy white bread , just getting stupid now .It  s beyond pathetic . The being Stormzy who exercises a right to #FreeSpeech for a living .
Got the schedule for tomorrow's #FearTWD set visit . Boy is it going to be hard for me to not say anything about it until later this year . But wow--you're all going to like it . Trust me . Major  Doubt it . Season 4 and 5 was arse and 6 is probably just as bad if not worse .I am absolutely certain that you are 100 % right .
Perhaps Ford and Lecce need to write a math proficiency exam ? I'd like for teachers to do the same and see how well they score . So many kids these days can't do basic math let alone anything advanced . The system is , quite frankly , not workingYes , clearly the education system in Ontario is not working . detected
Do you believe America would be better off if more Christians served in elected office ? #Retweet #Poll #Election2020 We are aware the Satanists and Atheists have decided to pile on this poll . While you are here know this - God loves everyone and forgives all who ask Him . Salvation is available only through His Son Jesus Christ . John 3:16interesting how the christians call us satanist and then are shocked why the poll went this way
Seems to me they did well while in opposition too . People donate to parties and candidates because they share values and goals . People like ... the well-known champion of the working class , Bruno Wall ( $ 390 ) . #vanRERothchilds financed both sides of American civil war . People with deep pockets back all horses so they can say they backed a winner . Even in BC politics . Your noted
Room full of kids so we paused the halftime show to strategically fast forward and I didn  t wait long enough and we  re suddenly watching pole dancing and Abby is giving me the stink eye like I  m the choreographer . For everyone who thought J-Lo and Shakira's outfits were too racy . I give you Adam Levine Super Bowl 2019 . Somebody tell that man to put some clothes on !Omg I see his nipples ! What kind of tattoos are those
Wait wasn't the Amazing Spider-Man " produced " by Kurtzman ? YEP . So it  s arguable this is as bad as it could get for TrekWell Kathleen Kennedy could get in charge of Trek when she would get a job at CBS and bring his guy for subverting the expectations of fans Rian Johnson with her . Well then it will get really cheap for Seth to buy I guess .
Moron . Him not you . He can afford to have whatever feelings he so chooses about just about anything . As long as he toes the liberal line , because we all know how quick the work would dry up if he deviated from script . . Of course . Not that hes particularly relevant right now , but you never know when the next piece of work will come in that's already been turned down by DiCaprio , Pitt , Clooney , Smith , Stiller , Sandler , Harrelson , Homer's voice , and that guy from the Go Compare advert !Indeed I wonder when his  White Male Privilege  became most keenly felt ? I  d wager around the same time he became more  financially privileged  then most other people can dream about .
Ehh , maybe not . Just something I thought I was picking up . Maybe I read too much into things ? Nope , just didn't hit my sarcasm button ;) People DEFINITELY have opinions on those two things .I should have ended my reply with too . I don  t think anyone has a light opinion on anything anymore .
Please don  t post pictures of sick patients in the ICU , even if it was a family . They're in their most vulnerable state . Respect them .But I really need the likes .
metro center can have a little housing ... as a treat ? I think it  s zoned commercial or mixed use so let  s put up some STR ! I think there is already a STR neighborhood out that way , plus it  s close to downtown .Hang on , do they allow on this website ?
AHAHAHAHA Friend , it sounds like you're the one in need of some education . In all seriousness . You need to take some time off to self-reflect , learn , and you may find out that many of the writers and artists that create the very content you claim to know , are in fact , autistic . Has it occurred to you that saying that you're autistic in your bio is a courtesy ? It offers me the choice of whether to engage or not . If I'm not permitted to make that choice , then it's nothing more than pretension and more failed engagement .Yeah , ' cos everyone on the spectrum has the same social skills !
Nintendo  s little Switch oasis at Chicago ORD . have you tried Breath of the Wild ? heard it  s pretty good ...I  m told if you played the WiiU version it  s not really worth the double dip ...
But he  s not popular . It  s all about Bloomberg who voters really want . The rallies don  t matter . Obviously , he is popular enough to get people to his rally . It  s all opinion .There is a trick for that ! Think of it as clarity for the confused ...
Dude I know for sure that you don  t make 140k to meet that 80k threshold . It  s $ 85k until I give them employment info then it  s 17 % of my wages . Regardless , my debt should be 0 .So I guess you are misleading people here just like Holberton  potentially  allegedly did !
Did something change then ? It  s never acted this way for the last 5 years at least It's possible you have something in your wallet blocking it or an additional card that can be read , causing card clash . We've long recommended separating it so the card you mean to pay with is the only one seen by the reader and for a more reliable read .OMG so i have to remove my card from my wallet now
She  s bawling about this video and wants it to be yanked Nope Retweet , retweet , retweet Yes . Pobrecita wants it pulled No tears left to cry babe . Shouldn  t have done it and she wouldn  t have to worry about the blowbackYour use of pobrecita is savage .
We don  t need any man-made catastrophe  How true ... #pandemic #netflix #pandemic #netflix worth watching - lots of topics being discussed : vaccine or no vaccine ? Rights of parents ? Is is really true  my body my rules  ? Societal responsibility hence need of vaccines ? Can we do with an universal flu vaccine ? How capable are we in times of pandemic ?No lar . Breastfeeding your child lar ! Breast milk contains all the antibodies and antidotes for all the sicknesses !
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful , under construction , Southern Border Wall  fell over  , trying to make it sound terrible , except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured & soaking wet when big winds kicked in . Quickly fixed  forever  . The mainstream media doesn't report the facts ; yet , the truth is available from the current resident of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , Washington D . C . ~How many verifiable lies has he told now ? 15,000+ documented . He's a truth teller for sure .
#ES_F grab your popcorn . Pajama traders keeping busy tonight ! Respecting the green bar ... for now !You forgot to update this ... Lol I'd hate to see all you bearish people believe you have the upper hand . #BurnItDown
Sounds like the Oilers are occupying a lot of your thoughts ... nope just pointing out the irony Quick tip for you tho .. before you say something like that maybe go back thru your own feed  Ive tweeted 3 times about them in forever . YOU on the other hand seem pretty obsessed with the #Flames #RentFreeIsn  t that cute , you did research on me , now who  s in who  s head .  .
Your interpretation of my tweet is nonsensical , serves to minimize my position while demeaning me as " silly . " Note : people who seek dominance also do what you've just done : 1 ) mis-translate / misrepresent and 2 ) use derogatory terms to reduce the value of another . Again , instead of dealing with the argument you are evading .      In my manly opinion .To conclude : You assume that you understand the Biblical concept of headship-accusing those who don't view it as you do of being either ignorant or lying . You follow up w / some toxic " dialogue " tactics that are rooted in dominance behaviors . Yet , you disagree w / my point .
It  s amazing what I  ve done , the most of any President in the first three years ( by far ) , considering that for three years I  ve been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax ! KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! yes , you've enriched yourself at the taxpayers ' expense , you've lowered America's standing in the world , you've enabled despots , you've been laughed at by the UN and mocked by NATO , you've broken a ton of laws and you're IMPEACHED FOR LIFE ! stand up and take a bow , you popinjayAlternate universe has been good for you .
That  s what socialism does . It takes half of the money from people who hardly have any to begin with , and gives it to those who don  t deserve it . No , she reason she  s poor is because REPUBLICANS were the ones that raised the cost of attending college to ridiculous amounts . You boomers don  t realize that times have changed and it  s not possible to pay college with only a part time job like it used to be in the 80sYeah , as if raising tuition and fees had anything to do with a party affiliation . intended . I think that cat in your photo has more brains than you .
Freddie is a tad thick to be a councillor ! Money speaks volumes - He's the result of a privileged private educationIt's such a good thing our PM is such a man of the people then .
I  ll do that . And the best thing is that I only have to make a copay ! Perhaps I will text her before next session . Maybe she can get them on sale next couple days they  ll go quickly .This therapist I see , Is the best therapist I ever had . She  s Secretariat at the 1973 Belmont . She  s helped me through some hard times . She  s dealt with my darker moments . Now I just go for the chocolates .
This is one of several options : " New technique converts plastic waste to fuel " That makes sense though do no way they'll go for that . Really this is all about taxing the shite out of us and nothing to do with saving the planet .Oh , absolutely spot on . It's another income - stream business model for global corporates . Nothing to do with saving the planet . much .
The increase in consumption of electric will be mind blowing . The old infastructure ( cabling ) will not be able 2cope . Installing charging points is the easy bit . But calculating req capacity 4a commercial build where say 20 EV will be charging simultaneously , ridiculous . 7-22 kw per point do the maths , total melt down of the grid .That  s a tremendous amount of additional COAL TO BURN to produce .. errmm ,  Non Carbon  producing vehicles  It  ll have to be nuclear power stations & a lot more of them , that  s just to produce it , then got to get it to the  outlets  - free Upgraded cabling of course
In chairing NSW upper house Education Committee , I have been thru scores of govt School Plans ( key directional document ) and only once found a school aiming at " Achieving Academic Growth " ! ! Most want " engaged learners " etc . It's incredible - they are not really schools anymore . Academic excellence died a long time ago It  s all about conformity and everyone brought down to the lowest commons denominator . That is what the left does . In Qld the term pedagogical framework is used to embed mediocrity as it destroys Individuality & creativity of teachersOur schools need to teach our kids how to be the best  influencers  and to be self entitled and it  s all about me . The 3r  s and academic excellence is so outdated . Our future is in great hands .
Who are the four prosecutors ( Mueller people ? ) who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal , the Mueller Scam , and shouldn  t ever even have started ? 13 Angry Democrats ? President has endured ceaseless lies from the destructive Left . #LyingLiberals hold a deep hate for what President Trump stands for : America First   Despite it all , Pres Trump Keeps working for America !  for a Bold Christian Voice .The " Moral " Christians who support the most immoral President of America , the and #shamelessness is so apparent .
And now they left . May be doing a second photo op b / c they were going in a different direction from where was roped off . #carryon And the Donut Museum had a couple of people trying to hand out fliers . #deniedOMG they just walked right past me ! ! Thankfully I was distracted by an actual customer and could give them some deserved inattention .
Hey adults ! Don't be like those anti-vaxxers . You are fully up to date according to the CDC schedule , right ? Why is the CDC schedule authoritative ?Because the powers that be  say so
And all firearms should be in a central storage facility Yes , that way nobody has access . Except for the people in charge of central storage . Oh wait .I agree ! All firearms should be centrally stored at my house . No promises you particular firearms will be there cause I could be out doing stuff .
I  m sick of thinking she can be above the House rules just because she  s Speaker . She embarrassed our country when she ripped up President  s speech , and she may have committed a crime . I've asked the Ethics Committee to investigate her . Matt Geatz , the drunk that cried wolf .It's funny he wants someone else investigated .
We Will Rock You " + " We Are The Champions " Still not over this night ! ! Such an important cause . You can still donate over at : #FireFightAustralia #QAL2020 February is full of historical evens : last year you guys opened the Oscars , this year you replicated Live Aid . What's in the oven for 2021 ? The Super Bowl ? ? Asking for a friendWhy would the book the best rock & roll band on the Planet with the best vocalist on the Planet whose rock anthems are played at nearly every sporting event ? It just doesn't make any sense ! I have been signing petitions for years to get QAL for halftime !
Plenty of room to flood when in spate ? There should be . It would help if the #RiverQuaggy running beneath St Stephen  s Church and #Lewisham Police station was uncovered and reproduced with proper river banks to help any flood water spread within the channel and soak into soil . Major opportunity being missed .I did propose that in front of police station with that the river restoration would be like a moat protecting the police station . No one got the irony .
slave quarters . When the one student showed a building and stated that this was the location of slave quarters , the teacher stopped him . He was told that it wasn't appropriate to talk about slaves . ( I should mention , I live in Virginia , so this topic is often mishandled . ) What a missed opportunity to have a real conversation about a horrible time in our history and its continued impact on our present . The message that sends ( unintended or not ) is not good . I'm disappointed .Because all bad things are stopped in the future by not talking about them . Ever . And then teaching kids that .
Jose took Spurs up 9 places . Ancelotti took Everton up by 8 places . What about Arteta ? Took over at 10th place and moved zero steps . But somehow , it is Arteta that has made an impact . That  s why says people have outsourced their thinking to pundits . He is right . I thought you were among those hailing Arteta and his game-changing tactics after the draw against chelsea and other previous games . what are you saying ?Do I need to put at the end of this posts ?
Right ? ! I don't trust anyone who changes there mind on things after 30 years . Education is for terrorists ! Ummm education is bad ? Wtf is the matter with you ? #idiotDidn't realise I needed to put there , but here's the asterisk * yes education is good , no people shouldn't have the dame beliefs after 30 years if they have any brains or empathy .
Students at the University of the Free State . #SouthAfrica That's one reason I don't want to send my children there . Funny how people who were given everything on a silver plate have the nerve of saying that . Ask you self why they are doing this remember protesting have been there for long time when u great grand fathers were looting and killing black people today u afford fees cz of privilegesYou guys are racist to the core , fueled by politicians . Good luck with  your own  farmers , bright times .
I  m running against some folks who are billionaires . I  m also running against others who aren  t billionaires , but get funding from billionaires . You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money . This has gone completely over your head .Oh has it ? Please educate me , oh wise one . Clearly you know so much . Dispense thy wisdom . I am elated at the prospect of learning from somebody so obviously superior to myself in knowledge . How do you learn these amazing things ? Are they taught only in video games ?
Q - Can we have Tesla in India by atleast 2025 ? A - By then , our other Indian EV manufacturer's will control Indian EV market it will be too late by then ..The way our Manufacturers are moving , i don't think so . And
In today's episode of #MiningThePastForFreshOutrage #BernieSanders admiration of a known #racist . bots have been pretty quiet for about 2 days now . remarks made in the 70 ' s weren't a secret and Clinton knew she couldn't make it stick in 2016 primary but please do carry on and make the most of it because Warren's team attempt at making " sexist " stick failed just as miserably ... as will this .does not bode well with you I see .
I doubt they  ll add the feature because people have been asking for years just for twitter to say  just proofread it   ~  The thing is , Twitter takes into account that everyone uses twitter . That means that people can rt and edited tweet , and an oblivious user might not even see or tap / click to see what the tweet was before .Wait ... So ... You mean ... No ... Somebody might misunderstand something on Twitter due to their own failure to pay attention ? Well then of course we can't do it ! Because we could never let THAT happen , for the first time ever ...
But he  s not popular . It  s all about Bloomberg who voters really want . The rallies don  t matter . Obviously , he is popular enough to get people to his rally . It  s all opinion .There is a trick for that ! Think of it as clarity for the confused ...
I live in rural Alberta & voted UCP . I support nothing you are doing to health care which you did not campaign on . I no longer support you & will not vote UCP again . Just bought my NDP membership . Am planning my donations to support moving forward No Mike , there was plenty of info of what the UCP was going to do .. telling yourself this isn  t what you voted for is bullshit .. you like many Abtans voted a prejudice which led you to do no research as to what you had and what you replaced them with ... you were a logo voter ..And responding with recriminations and " bullshit " s to someone who is waking up and seeing the light is very constructive . HUGE EYEROLL .
Does anyone have a Cuban bread recipe ? ! Just go buy some at PublixWait . Do Pub Subs exist there ?
Thank God California banned plastic straws Texas , on the other hand , is much cleaner .Your party  s leader lies every four minutes and you praise him for it . I  d at least remove  God  from your name for now . At least until your brain starts working properly .
It amazes me that expert render has been around forever and so few people understand how it works or why they should use it . #postchat No , everyone should use it . It should be the default way to render .OK , I think I need to every tweet I make to you now ... :)
#TrafficPCSO's on Wilmslow Road earlier , giving Lights to Cyclists , 60 sets in under an hour . £ 50.00 fine for riding without lights , on sale at your local Cycling Shop . No fines this evening , education and safety being the order of the day . Has a cyclist it annoys me when I see cyclist with no lights dressed in black at night riding , Be seen & stay safe is what I was taught & help yourself stay safeBut you see the cyclist though ...
The reason why unemployment rates are low is that people need more than one job to make ends meet . I have one job ; my husband has two jobs and my oldest son has three . Cost of living is very high across the nation . That  s not how unemployment statistics work ..It's gotta be #satire or they're woefully ignorant of basic economics & statistics .  Multiple jobs is greedy , under #Socialism the #unemployment could be lower by regulating the by taking away one of their extra jobs for someone else who needs it
Beat idea you  ve ever had Now I just need to figure out how to get a cut for myself .Use a knife . #joke You  ll be famous one day
Is Robby Mook's Russiagate scam responsible for the app that Iowa Dems are relying on to report caucus results ? I can't find anything else on who developed the app . I've been skimming the cable channels . Nobody has blamed Russia yet ( but there's plenty of time for that ! )They will . That's why we need the CIA's candidate for potus .
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country , and wish him well in his future endeavors ! I can  t wait to vote for you this November . I  m registered to vote at my current address , have an ID , & know my polling location .That  s okay Scott , you don  t need any of that stuff . Actually , on your cleaning tours , just pop in at your local polling stations and vote , vote as many times as you can . It  s ok , really , happens all the time .
My favorite game ! How would Republicans react if Barack Obama used this kind of pressure on a Republican governor for personal benefit ? Well they lost their minds over  tan suit  sleeveless dress  such snowflake  s HypocritesIf hypocrisy was a sin , Jesus probably would have said something about it . Maybe more than once .
On Saturday's edition of CNN Tonight , cracks up laughing while and took shots at ' s " credulous Boomer rube base . " " You elitists ... with your math and your reading . " Boy are they deluded . Keep underestimating the intelligence and sensibilities of the electorate . Oh and these a $ $ holes are exactly why we should never give up the right to bear arms .Sensibilities ? WTF are you trying to say ? You mean a few insults is why you want guns and you defend your intelligence ?
I  d argue he has more to them now . They still had Bfuglien then . Exactly , that's exactly the point I'm getting at . Also Ristolainen has been lightyears better this season vs lastWhen I'm building a better team , I like to trade players who are playing light years better . ( See Ryan O'Reilly Conn Smythe . ) . People are hell bent on a move to salvage this season without regard to how it impacts the future . ( See Ryan O'Reilly Conn Smythe . )
Sorry man . I usually watch all of your videos and would have enjoyed this but you choosing to consider STD as canon just doesn't sit right with me so I got about 1min in and stopped . Maybe next time . I don't like Disco much either . But " Choosing to consider Discovery canon " is like choosing to consider a square to be four sided . This is not a matter of opinion .As a strong advocate of the five-sided square belief system , your comment irks me .
You do know that the United States is LEADING the way in both reduction of carbon pollution and total pollution generated ( as in the least amount of global countries ) WTF more y  all want ? So I assume it  s safe to say that you  ve given up driving your car , gone off the grid ( generate your own green power and don  t produce trash ? Or are you just saying  other people need to do more  ?Oh yeah , because that's a viable option in the society we've created and I'm a MAJOR contributor to the problem . This deflection is idiotic and has been called out over and over again .
The initial apathy towards this virus is proof that our leaders are all playing from the same corrupt playbook . Ignore the threat and hope it goes away . Well it is not going away , it is spreading and rapidly . Be safe everyone #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirusCanada what are people expecting ? for it to just disappear ? ? I don't understand why there is no reaction . No cure and no reaction , people just joking about like nothing is going to happen ...These folks are fighting for our hearts and minds because Canada is the land of the mega racist apparently . That is the real fight ... This whole outbreak has been a textbook example of what not to do .
I don  t expect the world to act like the church , but our country has had a sense of moral decency on prime time TV in order to protect children . We see that disappearing before our eyes . It was demonstrated in tonight  s #SuperBowl Halftime Show  w / millions of kids watching . This exhibition was Pepsi showing young girls that sexual exploitation of women is okay . With the exploitation of women on the rise worldwide , instead of lowering the standard , we as a society should be raising it . I  m disappointed in and the .We are paying men millions of dollars to be exceedingly violent to each other on live national television , and celebrating this with our children ... and you're concerned about hips ? ? Hmm , yeah that's logical . #NFL #Shakira #HipsDontLie
Please consider that if you  re upset about my essay , you could perhaps try to make a morally irrefutable case for your candidate instead of trolling Raghav  s loved ones . We are human beings and I don  t think this makes you or the candidate you support look as good as you think Sorry Kate but talking about how various candidates policies might kill or not kill human beings is manipulative and against the rules of debateWhat ? Politics are personal ? No way !
With all due respect , FDR got sh * t done . As Bernie Sanders approaches 80 years of age , and 40 years in politics , he has never gotten anything done . ZERO , ZIP , ZILCH , NADA . So please , I respectfully ask that you never again mention Bernie Sanders name in the same breath as FDR . When he  s President , like FDR was , and has this movement behind him , shit will get doneBecause , as we know , Bernie gets shit done . #Delusions #Grandeur
Don't live in a coastal community - no worries ! Right ? Wrong ! The National Flood Insurance Program is tax payer based and its your tax dollars that clean up the mess . The federal program is $ 20B in debt . 3 / Tonight I'll be discussing these financial impacts once again with economics professor and economist . 4 /At least our CO2 levels are dropping . CO2 levels are tracked by at the Mauna Loa Observatory . 5 /
Liking but also feeling convicted about all the times I  ve done this . :) No forgiveness until you come visit me in Germany . ( ignore the fact that I haven  t visited you in Florida in over ten years . )<  but see that wasn  t in an argument . It  s an invitation to hospitality ! !
Hi Ben , I am very sorry for the delay to your journey , this was due to tree blocking the line ^ MY But why was it showing as being on time until moments before it was due at the station ?Good point . Perhaps / / expect customers to personally check the status of the local infrastructure before being so daft as to consider travelling
this is against rules of deceptively edited videos . This is political propaganda and Twitter made a statement last month about how these types of posts are bannable offenses . can you believe this ? Deceptively edited ? Lmao it's an obvious joke .Not obvious to a Democrat . We're at the point where #Joke or is almost mandatory for these people .
you said the vast majority in china ! ! #rrrracist haha Wait , how the heck is that racist ?lol because if anyone other than leftist media had said that ... its EXACTLY what CNN would have said lol
It's shocking . We are exploring the private route at the moment since I really don't want to go back . Thank you . Good luck to you too ! The private clinic was , unsurprisingly , much nicerWow ! I  m so shocked that a private clinic was nicer !
According to this article methane is about 16 % of which 30 % is attributed to fossil fuels Interesting outlook though if comparing short-term & long term actions but if fossil fuel is reduced it reduces both or should we fill in swamps to reduce methane ? ? No , we should reduce methane emission by reducing our dependence on Coal & Gas as swamps play a vital role in the food chain .Read my profile , then add the salt #tongueincheek
1 ) there nothing " anti-white " about being Pro-African and African self - determination . And part of that self determination includes controling our borders and deporting people who illegally immigrated ( colonists ) to our homeland . That any one of any race . 2 ) it fair because they didn't belong in the continent in the first place .My ancestors were Africans , millions of years ago . That makes me an African too . Where is my free farm ?
Holy F , what is he thinking ? That has to be a massive amount of games suspension . I don  t even know the number but it has to be double digits . That  s a dangerous weapon . He did not even get a minor penalty ! Why do we even have referees ?Someone has to be there to give Gallagher a penalty for getting his stupid head in the way of Chara  s stick ! Otherwise , how would the game be fair ?
We did ours this morning and it appears as if we  ll be paying in 2x what we paid in last year ( which was not an insignificant amount ) . We own our home , have a toddler and didn  t add to our income in a substantial way this year . I  m no tax whiz , but there  s something wrong here Right ? I find it very odd that I haven  t seen any tax reductions after all the  historic tax breaks  ... and I can assure you my paycheck didn  t have less taxes taken out every month .Same thoughts exactly . But hey , the stock market is doing great ... so USA ! USA ! USA !
someone who has been deemed as the ' authority ' but knows that profess sth like that is actually not in his authority Scientists , if you havent noticed , are not authorities in matters relating to God . #duhstarted with the same reaction #duh and is also like ' the god ' , to each his own
And my stance on that hasn't & will never change . The fact you harass Brett Barnes enough for me to say To my knowledge , I've never had contact with Brett Barnes . Let alone said a word to him .The irony is that you want video footage of Jackson molesting boys , to believe it's true . But a Twitter account on the World Wide Web that contains no unique or verifiable information is credible , because it quietly defends Jackson .
Because they are highly skilled , they went to school and studied while you were smoking pot and chilling , and thought of burger flipping as your future . H1B will not end because the US government is not as dumb as you are . They need H1B ' s and high skilled people . Pass #s386 . So angry ! Just wait until you get that RFE in the mail ! Remember to book flights early and flights are cheaper in the middle of the week . S386 is dead . More companies are lobbying against it , more senators are adding amendments or threatening to block it . SAD 4 U ! LOL ! #noS386You sound a super chill dude , with no insecurity or xenophobia or jealous indeed about the brown guys or any issues at all
People from the south who keep going on about Sinn Féin  s alleged ties to the IRA are really showing their true colours . And those colours are Black and Tan . All well & good singing republican songs on nights out but when it comes to actually supporting the only party who upholds socialist republican values your masks SLIP the whole way off . FF & FG abandoned all Irish people up north , & so have a massive amount of the electorate .Talking about the  mask slipping  while simultaneously defending a political group who are still being directed by the IRA Army Council , who murdered more Irish nationalists than any other group during the Troubles .
Y  all really bullied Jenna Marbles into deleting her video / making an apology for testing a dog harness she didn  t make or condone . She tried it for 30 seconds , saw her dogs were stressed & stopped . How fucking dare y  all for saying she abused her dogs . Leave this woman alone So she  s had problems looking after hamsters fish and dogs . Maybe she should learn how to look after animals before she gets them .but I look cute tho fuck how the dog feels  wow you sound like a great animal rights advocate
Never once have I heard refer to themselves as superfans . Yet you state that they aren't real fans because they dislike NuTrek . Well , guess what ? None of us like NuTrek and I'd love to debate you on who is a real fan . I never wrote someting like that . I only stated that they are not fans becuause they offend and insult producers , actors and other fans .yes because saying ANYTHING against Discovery is offending
Help the human pet guy is in my replies as everyone knows , all illegal things are immoral and all immoral things are illegal .Your is detected . Also , that's not what I actually said . Tell me , though , how would YOU feel if someone defrauded YOU , mister clever-clogs ? How would YOU feel ! ? Would you feel good ? Tell me !
It  s been a fascinating 24 hours for me on twitter . Because I dared to suggest the EU did not hold ALL the cards in upcoming talks , there  s been quite a pile in of folks offended by such a suggestion . Including many who should know better . I know it's hard to imagine UK is not the centre of the universe . Other countries must look UK with admiration if they ruin their relationship with their closest neighboursNo deal is bloody good strategy to start to negotiate new deals . Was it over 600 ?
The child , Malik Issa , from Al-Issawiya village near #Jerusalem , was wounded with a rubber bullet to the head , which was fired by #Israel soldiers while he was returning from school to his home . #IsraeliCrimes #Israel news this morning claims the boy #Malik was hit in the eye by a  sponge bullet  during clashes in #IssawiyaOh well , in that case all is forgiven . Besides , how dare a Palestinian boy go to school and walk in the path of an occupation soldier sponge bullet ? The nerve !
False , I  m talking about our modern system , I was hoping Ara would drop their 2 ¢ So am I . Prosperity causes inequality . Inequality is a good thing . It  s a manufactured nonsense designed to stoke class warfare . And it works . Lots of dumb people out thereInequality is a good thing   Lots of dumb people out there
Community Crunch 216 : Love Evolved , On The Horizon , and EVO Event #playARK any word on the kiting problem on cluster servers ... no ... ok then I'm just going to pilar spam the entire area with multiple layers of beh gates and spike walls and wait as you guys do nothing about this problem but destroy my defenses as I'm " blocking access " hmmmm seems legitohhh did I mention that it's on PVE extinction servers ...
Technology with high school students  ... . 30 . What are you going to post about now since you  re ditching everything below . 40 ? You had a good run at least     And she is a math teacher teaching with technology which was under . 40 too . Hypocrisy much ? ?Oh man ... better throw away the exploragons ! And stop using and since students would be learning through manipulation . Gotta ditch that !
Bernie honeymooned in a country while they were putting people in gulags , and extolled that country to the skies . Literally nothing you say will sway a commie's opinion .Because it's not an opinion , it's a religion .
The Guardian will no longer accept advertising from oil and gas companies , becoming the first major global news organisation to institute an outright ban on taking money from companies that extract fossil fuels .  A good start , who will take this further ? This is more good news , & another defeat for the merchants of doubt & fossil fuel PR . Show your support for the many positive tweets here , with Likes , Replies , & Retweets . Don't feed the trolls  Don't reply to trolls . Bl  ck trolls . #winningYour supporting a troll and a tool .
They also have the right to be left alone . You're acting like a Mormon knocking on people's doors . they also have a right to that which they have embracedI wasn't aware that the tribes of the Amazon were devout followers of the catholic faith . Here's me thinking they were animists .
7.5 hours of dialogue and listening = zero blockades removed . That Minister isn  t modest progress , that  s abject failure . #CoastalGasLink The no-name minister ? Who is this guy ?A groomsman from Trudeau  s wedding . Totally qualified to be the Indigenous Services Minister
She also referred to the state her character settled in in Outlander as South Carolina not North Carolina on a major talk show last year . A much bigger error given her job is to know the character and plot inside and out . But that's ok , right ?  Their constant attacks on the US and the President is getting old . Both she and Sam Heughan go on about global warming , but have no issue flying all over the world to promote themselves . The Hollyweird liberal cancer has spreadYep . My husband works in the film industry as a cinematographer . If you aren't 100 % believers of their political and global warming doctrine they will literally blacklist you from work . And he said film shoots are the most non-green gigs in town .
Excited to launch a new Minimalist #SuperBowl print in a couple days ! Wait , do you know who  s going to win ?Yes , I get the league memos now .
I simply can't fathom what it's going to look like on Montreal road if this project goes forward , knowing how difficult it already is now . People are already calling it skid row .But we  re putting pretty planters and fresh paint on MontrealRd ! That  ll fix everything ! ! #Vanier #OttCity
IUD's aren't the only form of birth control available . Also , if sex was painful for her , the IUD isn't the cause , it's something else . Getting them installed is painful , but once the procedure is complete , that ends . If she wants a permanent BC solution that's on her , not him . I had an IUD once ; it was painful from insertion to removal . I haven  t experienced general everyday pain nor intercourse pain like that before or since . I  m comfortable saying the IUD was the issue unless you , a OBGYN who has examined me , can prove otherwise .But some random person on the internet says it isn't so , therefore , it must be true .  I mean why would you know when something is wrong with your own body ?
No I  m saying it shouldn  t be a factor - turning it into a gender issue will only increase the perceived divide between men and women and is generally regressive for the feminist movement I'm sure your one follower is laughing at me now !check this out , mocking low follower accounts which pull in vastly more interactions
Sure , just turn the thermostat down 5 degrees , put on a couple more sweaters , Park the car & ride a bike , & while you  re at it throw out all your carbon based belongings . You can then the the shadow of a man that you already are ! I was actually telling those running out of propane that it's a good time for them to follow your advice .Actually , I was referring to  only  you ! You must be a Liberal giving advice to others , do as I say not as I do mentality .
He needs to be close to his  roids dealer Such a bad post , Art . Be better .Oh , a Bullough liked this comment
I think Jameela is great , but this show raises eyebrows because this could very well lean into the appropriation of ball culture . I am trying to be open to it until we get more details , but the fact that this is on a major streaming platform is raising some red flags ... ... and as said , " If you aren  t ready for criticism from a community you make art about , maybe you  re not ready to make art about that community . "It's amazing how critical the LGTB + community is about people's sexuality . Literally shaming someone to explain themselves about their sexuality - Isnt that exactly what they're supposed to be against ?
I see what she wrote . Please read what I wrote , I objected to the  thank you .  I get it - I'm just reading her " thank you " as a bit more of a sarcastic tweet than most on this thread here . Maybe I'm wrong but I thought Batya was " well-bless your heart " - ing her .If that was Batya  s intent , she was overtly subtle . It needs a tag !
It will take more than the Tory party to get the idle Brits out of bed in a morning There will be a policy to put benefit claimants on courses / training that will feed into the understaffed industries . People will be aptitude tested and matched . And it will be compulsory , you have to go where " allocated " . Or benefits taken away . Similar has been done in the US .What  s wrong with it ? One thing for sure , as someone who who relies on care I just can  t wait to have people who don  t want to do the job come and do personal and intimate things for me
On TSN this morning , more speculation involving Palms and / or Coleman . Let's hear your thoughts fans I don  t think he  s untouchable , but he  s not far from it and it would take a lot more than anyone has speculated for me to be happy with the Devils trading him .Same here but the things being reported it's almost like these " writers " are deliberately de-valuing our top talent ... wonder why they would do that ? #Njdevils
Dumb . Let  s focus on sports and not betting all the time . Most ppl watching the game are the ones betting on itI can  t wait until we teach our kids it  s okay to just cover the spread .
To build may have to be the slow and the labourious task of years . To destroy can be the thoughtless act of a single day - Winston Churchill Mr Churchill involved in the soutj african war , the 1 . and 2 . worldwar knew for sure what it means to destroy .Yes , and was responsible for millions of deaths and I've no doubt that #BrexitJohnson will try his best to live up to Churchills reputation together with his hypocritical rhetoric
Sure , just turn the thermostat down 5 degrees , put on a couple more sweaters , Park the car & ride a bike , & while you  re at it throw out all your carbon based belongings . You can then the the shadow of a man that you already are ! I was actually telling those running out of propane that it's a good time for them to follow your advice .Actually , I was referring to  only  you ! You must be a Liberal giving advice to others , do as I say not as I do mentality .
You , all right ? I learned it from watching you !  #DontDoPons  So the GOP has determined that Menstruation is Left Wing Plot against them ! I'm sure they have told their Wives to Stop It !Just hold it in like pee . Jeez ! Why do we wimmenz need to use our tampons ? Just hold it in !
Biebs is taking no prisoners ... hope you  re ready ( via / IG ) Are those Biebs legs or he riding a chicken ?Pretty sure Rupper sent that out while he was resting between squat sets .
Does he not know Parasite did everything Joker did but better I  m so glad he explained Joker to me because otherwise my pea-sized brain would never have been able to understand the intricacies of itJoker is about poor people ? Damnit ... I  m just looking for some simple clown fiction . Glad this guy stepped up to fill the void .
A highly contagious disease is highly contagious in a confined space with limited isolation in place ? Imagine my shock . Yup . It  s the risk of a cruise ship . That  s why they have hand sanitizer everywhere after those high profile Norwalk virus outbreaks a decade or so ago .Good thing the hand sanitizers were there to prevent illness ... < sarcasm doesn't tweet well >
I'm not being nasty and I'm trying hard to not be insensitive , but bringing Canada's economy to its knees and bringing down the government won't really help them either . I can't imagine the level of desperation these communities are experiencing .A conservative government will definitely solve that
Let  s conveniently ignore the fact that the Wet'suwet'en Council approved the pipeline , and the Wet'suwet'en Nation voted in favour in the referendum . #cdnpoli Right . But the councils were set up by gov ´ t of Canada , after the formation of the country . The hereditary chiefs had a system in place before Canada was here . The Supreme Court ruled that traditional system never gave up its right to the land . So there ´ s your conflict .But what right does the  Settler  Supreme Court have to pass judgement on First Nation governance ? Just asking .
Every single time you pretend that Freddie Mercury is not bisexual . Every time you pretend that I am not bisexual . Also , cute you are feigning ignorance of the vitriol you spewed only a few days ago . And are asking for evidence yet again . I imagine you will ignore it as well ? But I am not pretending about Freddie . I have asked you to supply the relevant quote from the man himself and you have failed to do so - only one pretender here , boy . And , yes , evidence that I BEGGED you to kill yourself and denied other bisexuals existed .Also , here is that evidence as well . You both tried to say that I cut myself , and hoped that I would do myself in sooner rather than later . The irony is that you , and that other man tried to act like the victims here . As if I was some sort of bully .  #HypocriteOfTheDay
What was that survey about how many teachers have spent their own money on glue sticks ? Ahh you know us teachers , always squandering school money on things like repairs to the roof , buying yet more paper , that kind of thing !You should really be more financially prudent , you know . I'm sure if teacher were more disciplined about the money I am absolutely certain this would solve everything .
Excuse me , you came into MY mentions . Fck off As I said I randomly found you . And this is the most fun I've had on Twitter in a looooong time .Lol you called him a troll have you seen your profile
Bro white people don  t get to decide what  s racist . Get with it ! And there it is . After all this the only person to say something racist is the person who called another person racist , while supporting an actual racist that is racist against their own people .is that you called me a person . Must  ve graduated from bot school .  #trollingforthewin
" Gender critical " " feminism " is rooted in , misogyny and white supremacy , and it's the babe of the far right . Here's some snippets from the account that just responded to my tweet about sexual violence ... The Tommy Robinson ( sic ) style framing that it is only men of colour who are sexual predators . They now extend this to trans women , but never , ever white men ." Bitch " - there's no misogyny there at all .
Who cares , they will remain invaders all their lives .   I am very glad that you are enjoying the freedom of speech that I served my country to protect . And , ya know , all the other benefits of living in a free society .Wow ! You even responded with the exact same argument that meme is trying to deconstruct , well done
Sooooooo , when is Pit Bull  s appearance ? ? ? I didn  t think there was ever a musical event in Miami without him #SuperBowl . Sincerely , You didn  t miss anything . If you want you can call me up and I  ll say  dah  into the phone 11-12 times . Same thing .lol . I was more shocked than anything
How much did you get paid to poison our schools with common core ? You gave them $ 350 million in tax money and got a $ 65 million kickback in return ... and math scores plummeting . I hope your Martha  s Island mansion was worth dumbing down American children . Poison LOL you really are dumb blonde .Proof that common core is so effective .
CBP Officers at VA . Airport Intercept Dead Birds in Passenger Baggage from China - Who the FUUK travels with a suitcase full of dead birds ?I like the heads just laying there .
The absolute irony of Andrew Scheer telling anyone they should check their privilege ... Hate him all you want but he isn't wrong that these protestors are costing people their jobs . They're also intimidating and obstructing elected officials from doing their jobs .Not sure where I sit on the legality of the protests ( would take research ) but I agree with their cause . But literally the point is just that Scheer doesn't have a leg to stand on here ... used funds for his kids private school education & has never checked his privilege
Were they intending to stop it ? They  let  a  Hindu  funeral procession pass ? What  s this ? No . They were not intending to block it :) Just like #ShaheenBagh protesters never tried blocking ambulances etc . ' This ' is to check the fake narrative many tried their best to build that #ShaheenBagh protesters block ambulances etc .What was the blockade for if they are kot blocking anything ?
Where and when was that revealed ? I believe ( though could be wrong ) the NYT reported it was in the copy of his book sent to the White House . Not only that , Parnas sent a letter saying what he'd testify to if called , and that included both Rep . Nunes and Sen . Graham being involved from the beginning .So basically , a leak to the NYT that's been unconfirmed and a letter from a guy currently indicted for fraud . Solid evidence , they should totally be disbarred .
Gosh Rusty , you told me off for writing the sleeve notes for these reissues and told me I wasn't allowed to promote them on your social media . Isn't hindsight a wonderful thing ? Who is Steve Pafford ? Who are Rubellen Remasters ? The work has been done 40 years ago . And the best remastering in the world can be hired for $ 1k . UMG should have done it with Midge Ure & Rusty Egan instead they licenced OUR WORK . I think Midge and I know how to make recordsI have absolutely no idea who Steve Pafford is . Maybe the one you used to invite to your small and intimate DJing jobs at the Groucho ? I'll have to dig out the photos
Is bitcoin going to finally stay above 10k ? Is BSV really BTC ? BSV is NOT BTC , there  s a semi-sophisticated social media group that is trying to pump BSV and make people believe it  s creator is Satoshi . There is zero proof of this . Trust me on this Jon , the people promoting BSV are the definition of fraudulent shills .Its easy to see who the real scammers . Self proclaimed pros who exist only on some internet fantasy land in their little chairs with small offices . Real world business savvy right there . DYOR .
The football players tried to take the field , but the marching band refused to yield  And they were singing  bye bye Miss American Lie ...Wasn't yesterday , actually the anniversary of the day the music died ? February 3rd , 1959
With Brexit we will have spare capacity . That's a real possibility - might put the kybosh on any infrastructure projects for a long time .Pretty much on everything That  s what a massive negative supply shock does to govt finances Our debt to GDP will look like Italy  s soon Lucky for us the Conservatives are in power right ?
almost 48h after loosing my bag and non stop chat and request for updates tell me they can  t get a hold of their own people in Miami . Asking for 24 more hours . This is a joke right . #fail #dontflyunited #untited We sincerely apologize for the continued frustration that's being caused by not having your bag . We know it's important to get it to you , and we will continue to work to limit your time without your bag as much as possible . ^ RBI am really feeling confident that you guys are on it and doing everything you can .
WTF are you on ? are you for basic maths , english , science and learning our 1900 constitution ? or , a left wing nutter and root anything that moves ? #JustAsking You do realise I'm pointing out the current atrocious state of the Australian education system , yes ? Perhaps I should have used the / sarcasm tag ?Sorry , my error , yes is a must with our #Auustralian humour . Sorry I didn't spot it and flipped my lid :)
. on why she  s  polarizing  :  Our political system is not designed for people like us . They  re not designed for working people to succeed , for young people , for women , for people of color .  Unlike others , " rich men are not the center of my universe . " AOC claims billionaires behind companies like Amazon and Walmart became rich by " underpaying their workers . " " I don't think " these billionaires " should exist . "Yes , it's probably better that they created no jobs at all .
It  s weird - looking at video then looking at this poster , the Bear seems to have the head of a black bear but the shoulder hump and low hips of the grizzly . But then I  ve never been the most visually-oriented person . That was a black bear . We don  t have grizzzlies in CaliforniaYeah I saw that but just saying that going by the characteristics noted on the poster I  d come up with a grizzly  s body with a black bear head . Call the UFO guys ! I bet aliens did it ! ( ... and just in case : )
Democrat presidential Sen . Amy Klobuchar said at a recent stop , that English should not be the official language of the U . S . even though the flip-flop Amy voted for a pro-English language bill during her time in senate . Now , she  s against the amendment which she voted for in 2007 . Klobuchar was right the first time : English IS our national language . It is also the international language of business . She must be pandering to immigrants who do not want to assimilate .Choosing a national language is racist ! ! ! Amy is right on ( with her comb , instead of a fork ) ! ! ! #RacistDerangementSyndrome #Pandering
you ought to take an interest , KT speaks good stuff . Thats why they want her closed down . No . She spreads hate and division .Sure ... And #Stormzy spreads love , peace & civility with his songs ! #fuckstormzy
Are leftist trash gonna kneel before president Clinton or nah ? In case your two brain cells can  t understand , dDelegate is the win parameter in caucus , PV doesn  t mean squat . Bern is the one pushing for caucus in the first place . Great self own  Are you trash gonna kneel before popular vote winner Hillary ?Actually , no .  Bern  realizes that the caucus is problematic just like everyone else . You  re misinformed , which is shocking since you seem so well-informed otherwise . And no . We are not going to kneel before Hillary Clinton . She  s not a monarch . #yougotmommyissues
I  m outside with my headphones on , looking at my phone , and a man came up very close and started to talk to me . I looked up at him and said  I  m wearing headphones and I don  t want to talk to you .  The look he gave me as he walked away was fucking terrifying . It  s not solely about women . I  ve had women grope me randomly , talk to me , getting in my face . I suppose that  s okay when a woman does it to a man . If I were to say  I don  t want to talk , please leave ,  I  d be told I was abusing or assaulting them . Gender roles are not singular .What were you wearing , Ralph ? How much did you have to drink ? Are you sure you aren  t misinterpreting what happened ?
No , of course not , and I wouldn't want him to do so . As long as the SNP don't get a majority , I'll settle for that . We need the SNP out of power , and somebody decent to run Scotland , we  ll never thrive whilst the Nationalists have controlYayyyy ... Let's return to a Labour run Country ( because the Tories won't have a chance in Scotland ) ... It was wonderful ... You don't know , or understand just how lucky you are Anne ! ! !
NPR reporter barred by State Department days after Pompeo Ukraine interview Good ! She was completely in the wrong and proves for the millionth time you can't believe anything reporters say .Yeah , she has a lot of nerve as a reporter asking questions that Pompeo doesn  t want to answer ! !
Sunday afternoon thought : it  s fascinating to see some folk whose opinions have been heavily criticized for flawed science or misrepresentations convince themselves instead that it  s their honesty & stand on integrity that makes them unpopular . Pro tip : it  s not . The greenhouse effect is flawed science . Trace gases behave like light bulbs except the light is invisible and enough heat the atmosphere an extra 33K . The atmosphere equals 66.56 C with every particle equal to 1.38 E - 23 joules . Irradiance increases particle energy not trace gases ." Irradiance increases particle energy not trace gases . " Nobel prize material .
#NirbhayaCase | Mukesh , a convict in the case , tells the court he doesn  t want to be represented by advocate Vrinda Grover , amicus appointed by Judge . ( PTI ) More on and NDTV 24x7 #NirbhayaCase | Special Public Prosecutor Rajiv Mohan apprises the court about the current status of the case and also states that 3 out of 4 convicts in the case have exhausted their legal remedies . ( ANI ) More on and NDTV 24x7Release all of them and ask them to do #social work .
Hello , what type of garbage is this ? Loose litter , bagged garbage ? Also , where is this bike lane located so we can report this ? ^ de It  s a god damn City of Toronto truck in a bikelane while the driver getting coffee ... do you even read or look at pictures ?This City ( and I use the term loosely ) gets better every day .
This is where every other candidate should be asked if they agree with this and why or why not . $ 100 dollar minimum wage . See , I can do this too !What even is money other than some oppressive tool by the oligarchy ?
But it turns out that our institutions need us as much as we need them ; they need the American people to protect them or they will be hollowed out over time , unable to serve and protect our country .  Former Ambassador Marie L . Yovanovitch in Washington Post today ) Seriously you need to sit downYes . So glad he kept the public informed about Hillary's emails , right up until the election .
Thought Coach Tuck had a lot more character than to screw over a program that gave him a life changing opportunity . Wretched move If you had a chance to be closer to your family . Coach in the conference that you grew up in and DOUBLE your salary ? ? I guess I have bad character too because it  s a no brainer .Damn Dustin , don't you know you're supposed to have blind loyalty , no matter how soul crushing it may be , how little you make , wether your family is happy or not . Get with it Fox
That's what happens when it's an angle and not a genuine principle , I guess . A literal bait and switch . They draw you in with a story about three sisters , their growth journey and magic , then you get a story about a dude being in love with a chick . And magic . I think the story is fine and could even have been great ... In a later season . Maybe S4 . I mean , Macy literally lost someone close to her , became the Source's vessel and was saved by filial love in the season finale and in S2 we get ANOTHER dangerous love arc ? FFS let her live .Lol dont u know women cnt exist with out a man in their lives ( before i get attacked )
Absolute , indisputable proof that it is always the person / idiot behind the gun , and not the gun itself .. So we should have background checks and trigger locks to keeps guns out of the hands of the mentally I'll and criminals , correct ? That's all progressives like me wantPlease describe " mentally ill . " Specifically . Provably . Without any wiggle room . Go . ( I'll start : those who tweet typos . Bet I could get a mob rule on that one . Oooh ... transgenders , they're mentally ill and should not be able to defend themselves , right ? Your turn . )
Removing a statue doesn't affect history in that manner . The history is still there . You can't even admit to why they were put up in the first place . I realize what they represent . There  s just no need to state the obvious . But we  ve moved on ... and it is history . If it  s not that big of a deal then why are they even discussing it . You can  t erase the past . You learn from it .Your #WhitePrivilege allows you to tell others to move on or it's not a big deal and yet you whine about not having a white history month .
Daniel , I know what it means . You clearly do not , otherwise you'd not be making these odd comments . You have yet to explain or justify your sound bites . So far you have shown zero understanding of anything you've repeated by rote .Ok . Well it's late and I clearly have much to learn so I better leave you to it and go look how to count . Night Daniel .
Communism playbook to grab total power : Indoctrination of youth to form loyal base Steadily and Relentlessly dismantle democratic institutions Undermine Religion with aim of total suppression Find leader like Mao or Stalin who has no qualms in murdering millions Rule forever . Thanks for this template . I will use the same quote to explain the current govt . Replace Communism with Right Wing . Add ' minority ' infront of religion and replace Stalin & Mao with Savarkar & Godse . Thanks again ! :) #Dystopia #knowurpoliticaltheory #counternarativeGo ahead but last time I checked we are still a functioning democracy whereas Communist ruled China and Russia are not . Also , you are not allowed to protest under Communist ruled countries .
1 There is nothing wrong with wanting to be dead ! Denial and hypocrisy will save you  Most people are fighting the system without understanding or realisation that they are the system . The system being Civilisation , clue is in the word .. To be " Civil " to one another . I fail . 2 I fail like everyone else ! This whole #TimeToTalk bullshit is a waste of time ! ! The person doing the talking is simply venting and gaining momentary relief sure , but the listeners reaction or response can be just as horrific as having not said anything .3 Technology is allowing me to share that technology needs to stop !  Give Humanity a chance to catch up . People aren't people anymore , they are echoes of who they were . We all are , unless you are young dumb and full of ... old sayings die hard sorry
I wonder if Dr . Jason would consider Jeff Bezos an oligarch . Nope he's just a small business owner who happens to own the Washington Post and controls a huge portion of the internet .How about Bill Gates , is he an oligarch ? He doesn't have any political power does he ?
Starting things off in the right way with the Blockbuster 4,000 lb bomb #BattlefieldV Not my fault planes spawn as the entire enemy team run from their base  That 4000 bomb is really fun though . BATHTUB !Fake ! Takes like 2 minutes to be able to respaw in plane , the plane deploy icon is AWAYS bugged . Based on that , FAKE ! Next .
To everyone who doesn  t understand anything about dog shows : Just because one breed is more popular than another , doesn  t mean that they should automatically win . All of the dogs in that lineup last night were absolutely stunning . Respect the judge  s decision . #DanielWasRobbed Oh for pete's sake , it was a lighthearted tweet .Dog shows are disgusting . These dogs are parades around like K9 sex symbols then are exploited for their reproductive parts , eggs & seamen collected abd sold or these dogs are bred against their choice and their offspring sold to the highest bidder . THIS IS K9 SLAVERY
Videos like this display what separates from the rest . His humanity . He truly cares about all Americans . The most vulnerable among us need their next President to be a fighter for their rights . This is the right candidate folks . Let  s do this . Let  s #WinTheEra he didnt answer the question thoughHe was earnest and somber and said he cared . You're just being picky .
Here  s a thought . Make Minister for HS2 - or I  d do it . Might rattle a few cages . Or alternatively get us and to conduct an independent review . There would be nothing independant about a review that is involved in . He has already been called out for maki g crazy claims about the level of deforestation that HS2 will cause . Serial liar .I think that was my point . Oakervee was not independent .
You do know he liberated Eur ... Never mind ... Oh well thank god we are leaving mateAs he glances for his next all inclusive experience whilst taking advantage of cheap European prices .
Vegans do not consume any animal products , including milk , eggs , or any kind of dairy products , such as cheese or butter . So , in short , it is certainly not vegan . Dear This definition of vegan is itself wrong Either you have derived it from modern world Or Holy QuranOf course  What Europian Union know alot about Indian culture And while giving this definition they specifically kept Indian culture under consideration
2 week delay : My competitor on the beat announced via Twitter 2/14 that it  s his last day because he is going to Ford PR . We at learned from sources at Ford on 1/31 the announcement was posted by the company  same day he had a byline on This is truly the stupidest thing I  ve ever seen someone complain aboutAre you saying it's petty to complain about something unimportant in a tweet ?
I'm * not * posting the threats to my kids or the ones that I've sent to law enforcement . Cool , I'm not caring that they are there . You deserve the disdain you're receiving . Welcome to the internet , Di .. err I mean Rick .Guy who puts in his profile that he's for justice supports the embodiment of injustice and criminality .
Ainsley Earhardt on Nancy Pelosi : " When she ripped that up I really thought , my gosh , we have our - - the founding fathers , the constitution , there's decorum , there's civility . I just thought that went too far . " Right ... Decorum and civility ... But , of course , this didn  t go too far .Well , he  s a man , so that doesn  t count , don  t ya know ? He was just trying to get his message across , ya know . Civility and decorum are only expected of women , not men . With men we need POWER and FIGHTING . #boyswillbeboys #theysay #doublestandardmuch
How to dress like .  $ 800  $ 200  $ 25000 Belt and accessories $ 400 Total cost including Rhinoplasty : $ 26,400 . Hindi film akah comedian eh ge role ah v fakkaa vaane thi golaa ! Dhevana Keshto Mukherjee thiee hama !The Claims to sleeplesly work for democracy but wears the shirt of the imperial crown . Even never wore such an imperial shirt .
I always wonder , why are minds always stuck in tier 1 production applications only ... there is a lot more out there ... imagine if we separated all batch jobs ( don  t tell me you don  t have any ) . Hence my # 1 advice to all cloud sales people was / is TALK WORKLOADS NOT APPLICATIONS ! From this side of the Atlantic at the launch of the largest industry event on the planet - #HM20 - Cloud   is dead  . Long live  Edge .Just like PC is dead ?  I love those industry pundits who kill tech waves with slides !
Brexit supporter burns EU flag near Downing Street in London The flag cannot be set on fire due to the material complying with EU safety regulations . Oh , the irony #thickThere is a #market for flaming flags ... Like #Iran , big business for Uncle Sam's stars and stripes .
Would love to hear your definition of ' terrorist ' . Would also love to hear your definition of ' closet ' . I am completely open in my views both on-line and in person - nothing to hide hear mate . Finally , would love to hear the names you have for me as well . Yes , yes , we know you people like to try and change the definitions of words to suit your warped ideology but , actually , we only have your word that you're not racist or thick .Whereas Chris here is doing his utmost to clarify without a shadow of doubt he is indeed , ' racist & thick ' ..
No , he isn't wrong ... the airline is wrong for making air travel a dehumanizing experience . The Airline ? I disagree . Nobody forced him onto that plane . I would wager he bought his ticket last minute , got the last seat avail . Up to the point they shut the door , he had a choice .Yes , the airlines tell you the seat pitch dimensions and allow you to tour the aircraft before booking your ticket . #AudibleEyeRoll
Johnson says  tariffs are being waved around like cudgels  - says no political leaders are making case for free trade which is  god  s diplomacy  PM wants more free trade with other countries but certain irony in him making that case when Brexit makes it much harder to trade freely with our nearest neighbours and market of more than 400 million peopleWait you put him in power though
What  s the worst thing that a  leader  has ever said to you ? I once got pulled in 2 days after my grandmother dropped dead suddenly ( I had one day off to go down there & support my mum ) . I was told  we need to build your resilience  . 1/2 What do we actually gain from threads like this ? People argue about the toxicity of twitter and yet week after week there are threads that encourage people to slag off leadership groups . Why not try and get along and appreciate everyone is doing a difficult job .It  s always reassuring when someone says a comment was in bad taste / form . Makes you feel part of a team when that is missing at work . Some of these comments are hilarious , others are very upsetting . Why not get along and not slag anyone off on twitter ? !
Has considered making it easier for Scottish people to have more babies ? Has she asked the Scottish people for more babies ? that would take to long for the kids to be available to vote so she has to talk immigration to get those " young people escaping war ... " to vote for her .pretty much but then they are mostly white after all so it's OK . #clownworld
Hi , my name is Kimberly Graham and I am one of the Democrats running to unseat Joni Ernst in 2020 . You can check out my website here  If you want to defeat Ernst , I'm your Senate Candidate . Better be careful Joni will eat yr pigs ballsLol . I  ve got the perfect pig for her .
The QB who saved the season last year and the teams leading rusher were both in the portal last year but came back . Fuente just publicly flirted with Baylor and has given no explanation to the fan base His reputation is already that of an unlikeable guy who runs players off Those two cases were evaluated last year . VT recruited them back . They made that clear , people did not care . These recent cases were evaluated this year . VT did not recruit them back . They make it clear , people are mad .Stop being reasonable and making sense , man . That's not how Twitter works !
Defending botterill anymore amazes me . His record thus far is pathetic . And this just makes it worse . Why isn  t he on the phone w / the blues then trying to unload another defenseman ? Clearly he knows they need one & we have plenty that are expendable better than scandella #Sabres What about ownership ? Why do they escape blame ? They continue to hire and fire the wrong people for a decade . Who is more to blame then ownership ?So new owners , a new GM , probably a new coach . What a fantastic idea .
Well , exactly this is the reason for some Brits to quit : like , too many guys that shouldn't belong to EU But they don't belong to the EU ( and why shouldn't they ? )They ( we ) should , which my cause rejection from some older members , like some Brits , who are like ... Europearer
Made the mistake of flying , they had to take about 20 bags off the plane because it was too heavy and neglected to inform people . Now 20 people  s bags are stranded . In Steamboat for a work ski trip with no clothes . There  s a reason they  re poorly rated . Never again . Hello , we are sorry for the trouble today . Have you spoken with our baggage teams ? ^ LTYes , and all I was told was to sit tight and wait for an email with a reference number before I can call in . That really put me at ease .
Think she might have needed a security guard to protect her from people who don  t know how to use  grown up words  but act out like spoiled children using violence ? You  re defending them and not her ? Might need some  Max Headroom  in your head for rational thought ... there is absolutely nothing spoiled about not wanting intolerant racists to roam around thinking they are hot shit . there is nothing spoiled about defending yourself from people who dont like the fact you have rights .Yes there is . Striking someone YOU CLAIM is a virulent racist is called assault and / or battery . Last time I checked , nobody deputized you to be a champion against racial intolerance . Is that a Federal or State law enforcement department ? intended
Extinction Rebellion claims to be a globalist movement . They have zero right to shut down our infrastructure . Those not Canadian should be deported and have a 5 year ban on coming back . I am sick to death of every problem being " climate change " esp when it covers up crime . Climate change is a scam to get money out of your pockets into theirs . The elite feed us fear - fear of climate change ; fear of not being able to afford college ; fear of getting sick and not able to pay our bills ; fear of job loss . It  s all about fear fed by the mediaDO NOT BE AN ECO BIGOT !
It  s almost impossible to watch a UCLA game with Bill Walton commentating . #homer It is the " Conference of Champions . " Winning several national titles with UCLA will give you that latitude to be a homer .Next time , I'll add to that line . Best case : don't watch when he's on . Then you wouldn't be talking to someone who's on the other side when it comes to Walton .
They also have the right to be left alone . You're acting like a Mormon knocking on people's doors . they also have a right to that which they have embracedI wasn't aware that the tribes of the Amazon were devout followers of the catholic faith . Here's me thinking they were animists .
Yes , evidence strong in support of both . Ironically , car helmets would make far a greater difference to safety than bike helmets yet one is supported by a highly emotional argument & one is objected to by a highly emotional argument . I  ll let you decide which is which      The EU actually proposed car helmets in the late 90  s yet it didn  t gain any traction . Australia sold them in 80  s & proposed mandatory car helmet laws . The car lobby is far too big & powerful & they didn  t want driving a car ( or passenger ) to appear dangerous & scare ppl offIf only the car industry realised the of not wanting driving a car to appear risky or dangerous  A great read here on the history of he car helmet debate ;
your network sucks .. at HSR , BANGALORE , non of the vodafone Mobile network is working #Vodafonedown Hi ! We request you to reboot your handset and check . If issue persists please write back to us - LeeNow that's what I call as quick reply .
Completely surprised that supports this harassment of Arnab Goswami ! Shashi should also be banned from Indigo for supporting Kunal ! !Ideally , he should be banned from opening his mouth . I'm sure he's got some connection with publishers of dictionaries . People can't understand a word without a dictionary
Console Players : Update 6.2 live server patch has been delayed until March 3rd due to technical issues found during testing . How are y'all still having these problems in 2020 . You take everyones money and don't give us anything in return .They gave us them super sweet skins tho !
Learned citizens see through the rhetoric Millions and millions and millions won  t see through itThat  s so sad . How polarized the Unite States has become . #itsinthename
Sajid Javid -  We are not going to have completely frictionless trade because we have left the customs union & the single market ... & that's a deliberate decision " - " We've been clear " with the car industry that " there will be some changes " 2016 - No checks , simple . 2017 - There will be no checks . 2018 - Absolutely no checks , none . 2019 - No checks under any circumstances . 2020 - Of course there will be checks , we always said there would be checks , it's what you voted for .It's all going to be fine : says the forms can just be binned so what are we worried about ?
Thats what Im saying .. Niggas say shit like " between the McDonald's & Vaccum cleaner " but will buy clothes from Urban Outfitters between photoframes / house accessories & vinyl records  like nigga Y O U dying on the anthill right now just to overpriced the same fit g  Who said I shopped at urban outfitters lol because some random said it must be true ? I get fits from Ross usually and Nordstrom rack . I rarely pay retail . Die on that hill thoRoss pretty much competes w Wal-Mart clothing prices cause they're so discounted . Clothes / Shoes costing $ 80 will price you $ 30 & still buying it 20 feet from the miscellaneous : iron / ironing board , headphones , suitcases & vaccum cleaners sections  the is still on you
Prediction : in the next couple of years , we  re going to see an online community of people who take up smoking for health benefit . They  re so convinced that science is corrupt and government advice evil that smoking just * has * to be good . Anecdotally they feel great . I wish this was a joke but I have had brands ask if I would be willing to promote smoking on my site . I can  t even bring myself to respond when I get ridiculous requests like that .How do you think the piece would go ...  You may be consuming a healthy diet and participating in physical activity , but have you taken up smoking yet ?
It  s been really disappointing to see old Progressive Christians I used to be influenced by reveal themselves to care more about harmony and compromise than justice and liberation , platforming lies about Bernie while praising Warren because she  s a woman and that looks good . The amount of popular progressive Christians who are actually referring to rich white feminism with no class consciousness when they say they care about justice is overwhelming . And those of us who  ve been tokenized in these spaces are fed up with it .I find it extremely important that PoC have a space to voice their opinion  but it is a problem when they have the wrong opinions ...
You may need to spell out / sarcasm next time ... seems like people are missing it  I always go for the eye roll personally .I use ... its the only way to be sure
Good for Regina ! PS : an unsustainable climate is an oxymoron . It's human activity that is said to be unsustainable , not the climate . If you want reject something , it helps to know what it is .1 ) 2 ) I'm aware of that . However , the headline speaks of " sustainable " in juxtaposition with " climate crisis " and my comment was aimed at sloppy writing , not " sustainability " or " climate crisis " .
By tweet engaged in political interference in the sentencing of Roger Stone . It is outrageous that DOJ has deeply damaged the rule of law by withdrawing its recommendation . Stepping down of prosecutors should be commended & actions of DOJ should be investigated . By all means you should initiate another failed impeachment , causing further embarrassment ( if that were even possible ) to your party , then go tear up some official documents like a toddler .Yet you have no shame in supporting the biggest criminal in White House history .
What are the names and titles of the people he is negotiating with ? You  re asking for more than the Mohawks are willing to give .At least Marc Miller assures us they are good people .
The show feels like they haven  t spit on Robert  s memory enough yet ... Well I suppose if Robert , Aaron & Rebecca can be united by love then Vic & her rapist  s family can  #emmerdale is truly f  d up . Also , since Graham & Rhona we  re moving to France why bother contacting Pierce ?Can  t wait for Rhona & Pierce to reunite over Graham  s dead body and play happy couple
He used the N word . Under no circumstances is that ok . Weird way to say I got clowned on the internet so I blocked to feel superiorYea , you're right . Thats EXACTLY why I did it .
Klobuchar is the best * debater * left in the field.Steyer had a good night.Warren killed it when she was allowed to speak.Bernie defended his ground.Yang hit is one notePete ... was white . And young looking . I thought Pete did well , sorryNo ! Pete is racist and hates black people because he married a white guy ! How dare you say Pete did good , you racist ! You're not woke enough if you like Pete . Pete is owned by all the evil people with money and he's not even that gay acting .
Which skipper has won 8 out of last 10 away ODI series-es ? Wrong answers only . Any right answers will be hidden ! #Cricket Dilruwan Parera India's Virat Kohli lost 3 games in New Zealand while Sri Lanka's Dilruwan Perara has won 5 games in his career , but ICC selects Virat Kohli in all the teams and rankings . They also don't have Perara's cover pic . #overrated #viratUse or if comes across this tweet , he will retweet it , fully agreeing with what you said to mock him .
The Entrance Hall of the Regensburg Synagogue 1519 by Albrecht Altdorfer Two Jewish men are shown walking through the entry porch . Altdorfer made this etching just before the synagogue was destroyed on February 22 , 1519 when the city turned on the community . Fantastic drawing , isn  t it ? I was asked to do a PhD on Altdorfer . The Bergers of Regensburg asked Altdorfer to do those drawings in 2 hours flat before they burnt the synagogue down . It must have been very strange to him to go inside & make his sketches seeing ppl he knewIs this the  judeo-Christian culture  that Melanie Phillips talks about ?
This exhibition was Pepsi showing young girls that sexual exploitation of women is okay . With the exploitation of women on the rise worldwide , instead of lowering the standard , we as a society should be raising it . I  m disappointed in and the . Oh , we forgot . Brown skinned women can never rise to the occasion of tastefully , artful photos of nakedness and lesbian acts . The FLOTUS ' was without rebuke .Forgot the tag . Sorry about that . I'm not judging , just pointing out hypocrisy by the holy rollers .
Lol . Justin amazes me . We have a lot of campaigns for 20 % to 60 % APR ... AND WIN A CARTIER LOVE BRACELET , AN APPLE IPHONE , IPAD PRO , OR AIRPODS ! lol you DeFi nerds and your puny 8.75 % returns . I'm going for that cartier love bracelet raffleYou forgot the tag - otherwise Tron followers won't get it
And the Irish Speaker demolishes him ...    And the EU budget is now down  13bn every year . Hilarious .At least  4 billion spent on the UK regions who predominantly voted for Brexit is out of the costs . I  m sure those supports and investments will be enthusiastically taken on by the Conservative government .
Fair enough . But these threads and wish list items are echoes of arguments from the 1980s that would have slaughtered everything that made the Mac a Mac . Not sure I follow ( or disagree )  I want gmail ( + plenty of other apps , twitter inclusive ) to stop reimplementing the system share sheet . macOS always throve on UI consistency & iOS share sheets are a modern example of this  you get new OS functionality for free if you use them .Original Mac was resource limited to the point that you had to use the toolbox managers : there wasn  t space to write your own . Back then , programmers actively resented Apple for not giving them enougn to do their own mouse & window handling . Etc .
A poll was done in the US where 16 % of Americans thought chocolate milk came from ... BROWN COWS ! #mathishard #stupidityisforever Another 20 % think the world is flat .Well if it wasn't flat I wouldn't be able to store my maple syrup & crown Royal near the edge . Just sayin ... Monday .
He  s gotta play defense too ya know . Do you really think he can guard a kawhi , LeBron , or jimmy butler type swing man ? He  s too much of a liability on defense . I don  t doubt his shooting ability . I doubt everything else . Hes not a foward so he wouldn't have to guard Kawhi / lebron and I never said hed be a great defender against Jimmy butler but he could certainly do it if he had to . You're a fool if you doubt a team wouldn't be better for having him on their bench .You  re right , im definitely a fool . Crawford has proven time and time again that he  s a clutch player for teams that are in clutch situations  Seriously tho , if Crawford is your answer than you  re in trouble . He can  t guard anyone , guards or forwards .
And May is somehow credible enough to be quoted ? Didn  t she step down in November ? She was interviewed by the media . I will try to find it in my news feed .Sorry , should have added to that comment . Not that I don  t believe you . Just can  t believe anyone would bother listening to her .
I  m not that fragile . Wow at the attitude , u good ? Im good and it  s not an attitude when I  m laughing the whole time I  m typing . I just find this whole thing so silly when  proofs  aren  t actually proof of anything . And then it  s even funnier when people delete things after they found out they might be wrong . That  s all .That person is a disinf agent . He makes up all sorts of nonsense.He works closely with , and oddly , he blocks me , as he obsesses over me ...
Why is this issue always made to be a racial one ? Just get your fuckin hair cut and its not a problem . Just because shes black that doesnt mean shes immune to scissors or a trimmer . Also , you are a racist so cheers for your last comment . Stop wining . You sound all angst up .  These immigrants coming over here with their Haka and tattoos thinking they f * ^ % % # } own the place ...Unlike you , they would have detected the
The automatic assumption that Phillip Schofield wilfully and maliciously lied to his family for 27 years is homophobic bullshit , as are the claims to victimhood on behalf of his wife / children . It  s perfectly possible that he was a good husband and a loving father , and also gay . Whether he was a good husband & father or not doesn  t change the fact that his wife gave 27 years of her life to him , to find herself single in her 50s / 60s and contemplating old age alone . He could have done this years ago and freed her to find someone else .Love island addict declares herself expert on other people  s marriages and how they work .
37th TRW Leadership assures unit members , families , trainees and visitors to JBSA facilities that they are safe and everyone  s well-being is our first priority . While the coronavirus is a very serious public health threat , CDC assess the immediate health risk to the general public as low . For more information about the coronavirus , please visit the CDC website : andSA has one of the largest bat populations in the nation . It's irrelevant & means nothing . It just makes me nervous because I'm nearby .
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party = 95 % , a record ! Big Iowa win . Approval Rating overall = 53 % , a new high . With our great Economy and other major successes , would be 20 points higher without the phony Witch Hunts and Hoaxes ? ? ? Trump has been the greatest president of my lifetime . I am happy to vote for him again in 2020 .I didn't know that a three year old could vote in America
It was a great and triumphant evening for our Country . Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech . It was my great honor to have done it ! Criminals have decked the halls of our political institutions forever . Hussein had his fair share of crimes . The Clinton s are the most corrupt political family ever . The Bushs were criminally corrupt . Lesser of two evils .The that your ilk excused trump's corruption by pointing to Clinton and in the end , they share an identical stain . #Shadenfreude  , on the other hand , is still showered with accolades and awards . trump's ire is impotent . #ThatMustSuck #ImpeachedForLife
Our property taxes and water / sewer have gone up dramatically over the last five years , as has the  assessment  of our home ( to a ridiculous level ) , meaning we  ll fork over more and more in coming months . It never ends . Yes . I took a closer look at my water bill . It was $ 191 but I had a small credit . Over $ 100 of my bill is the sewer charge . My house is assessed at almost $ 60,000 more than my neighbour  s slightly bigger but otherwise the same house . I need a second job to afford living here .I'm moving to Plum Coulee . Either that , or will be investing in chamber pots and melting snow in order to launder my clothes and bathe in
GIRF . Does F stand for  Farse  ? And look at your customer support - Dumb nitwits . Bought a deal , place does not exist . Waste of time , petrol and money to buy the deal . We got to know this has been addressed . Looking forward for you to Dineout soon again ! :)So , you take money and make the customer run around the city . When you return the money , problem is solved . Blessed and thanks that I got my money back .
It had nothing to do with the president threatening Congressman Schiff on . Really ? And you know this ... how ?I keep forgetting to add that
Warcraft III : Reforged launches today ! If you're having trouble installing the game , the information here can help : #TechTuesday WHEN WILL YOU FIX THE EVENT CROWN QUEST BUGS ? ? ? YOU INCOMPETENTS , DO SOMETHING FOR YOUR MONEYyou should fix your keyboard first , seems like your caps is on .
TBH , the uproar seems astonishingly bigoted and intolerant . What happened to freedom of expression and religion ? Sure , people have a wonderful right to disagree and say so , but the public vilification reveals many to be hugely intolerant of anything and anyone they disagree with . Expressing religious beliefs shouldn't include public condemnation of vast groups of individuals . No one is vilifying him because he's christian , he's getting vilified for being a conceited bigot .I think you  ll find his articulation exactly aligns with the orthodox Christian position that the bible is very clear on . To vilify him is to vilify every Christian and ban it from public discourse & representation . How come you  re allowed to  publicly condemn  Christians ?
Ban islam , it promotes terrorism and lustful men like u . All problems solved . U get sarcasm right ? , this issue is being blown out of proportion , this lady is jobless I think , she might need a job .So by banning bikini she will get a job ?
People think they are smarter than they really are and are rarely able to back their ideas . Instead of writing off the other side we should all be listening and refining our ideas . Not shutting down discussion on twitter with insults Yes we really should be listening to the fascist views of the No10 incumbents . According to the BBC , that is .Ha ha . way to go to miss the point completely !
No , it  s not even that severe . Flu kills like 400 + people a day , no panic about that is there Well flu has like a 0.05 % death rate compared to infections , too early to gauge what nCoV will be as it's still kinda concentrated in one place , all I was saying is if it is like an epidemic over here , the NHS aren't exactly well equippedWell the £ 350m is going into the NHS as promised right ? Clearly they wouldn't lie to win a majority vote right ? Right ? #onecandream
Thoughts ? Doctor refuses to provide contraception and other sexual health services  Slippery slope . What if Dr doesn  t believe in vaccinations ? What if Dr doesn  t want to treat people with HIV ? The list goes on .. if this Dr can pick and chose who and what he treats , he should not be allowed to practice in a secular country like Australia .My GP doesn't do open heart surgery . HE SHOULD LOSE HIS LICENSE !
Niners played well up until the 4th . Congrats on them for even making the Super Bowl . You can call the Seahawks whatever ridiculous name you want but I have no hate towards the Niners . Just happy we witnessed a great Super Bowl . You  re right ... I will stop calling them what I  ve called them . They are the Seahawks and that  s what they should be called . #RespectCongrats to the ' State of Kansas ' and Chiefs for winning the Super Bowl . #respect #trumptweets
Interesting report from showing , amount other things , volume of work at various intensities over the last two weeks for Total V : 24,500 m < 70 % : 22,026 m ( includes w-ups ) > 94 % : 228m That  s 15 miles per week . Sorry , had to convert it for a distance running coach . None of those other numbers matter , just that one ...Curious , why do u say none of the other numbers matter except total volume considering the original comment was about ratios ? ? ( Or did I just miss the )
Republican Joe Wilson yelled " you lie " at Obama during a speech to a joint session of Congress . And that was out of line , but Joe Wilson was a rank and file member of Congress , not the leader of the partyI like that you  re holding the leader of the house to a higher standard than the leader of our national government .
Get Jimmy Graham ... he loves Atlanta Stay in Canada with comments like that !Calm down pal ! Guess I should of put
Due to a new cable box being in the house when anyone wants to wacth #FoxSports we need to look for the #PBS channel . Oh and #SyFy is It's a cable flip-flop for I got my 10min before kick off . Good evening Feisty and thanks for reaching out on Twitter . I apologize for any problems you're having with your service and am happy to help . If you'd like , DM us your account number or service address and we'll take a look . ^ ASRight now I have TWO tech service tickets already scheduled for the earliest available time , Friday between 8am - noon . Very excited to wait a FULL week to finally watch what I pay for . <-- incase you missed it
After much deliberation I  m supporting for President in the primaries . I think she  s pragmatic and responsible and will work hard to get things done . Um , stop the presses . Hollywood personality gets political .I couldn  t agree more ... it  s astounding that a US citizen would publicly voice their choice of candidate !
I am So    Ma is Yelling at me We all need a mud bath now and then .So Glad his Little human friend taught him how to play in Puddles
Carbon tax debate aside , the #harvestfromhell is indicative of the threats and challenges our farmers are and will be facing from #ClimateChange . They are on the front lines and will be facing many more adverse weather events in the future . Thanks for the support Alistair ! Looking for your support for our ask for a carbon tax refund !You don  t deserve a refund . Your problems are being caused by climate change , yet you don  t want to do anything about climate change . Too bad .
This is not dissimilar to how cults operate . Wishing for someone to be targeted with the intention of physically harming them > telling someone you disagree with that they  re wrong . What  s it like up there on that soap box of yours ?Oh no , you  re entitled to your opinion . Please have it . But I  ll be hoping that your mother falls down the stairs and physically injures herself because we disagree about the principle of something on Twitter #lol
I did it with 4   in my 20  s but granted I had full time live in help , just like Jen .     Really ? ! ? Ya  ll are bragging about live ins ? ? I would be Embarrassed ! !isn  t bragging . She is making a point that Jennifer has paid assistance .
It helps me to remember how much time in an institution is wasted . Then I feel less like I'm in over my head . Plus , my husband and I are educators . So I'm getting giddy about running the show  I had to send the superintendent of whichever school district we were in at the time all sorts of paperwork , including a record of hours spent in instruction . We had to do the same amount of time as a public school , but every minute we spent was on instruction .Some parents get creative with the record sheet , such as counting trips to the grocery store as instruction ( which it totally can be ) or taking a walk outside ( physical instruction ) . Don't forget recess . ( but not really ) Thankfully our state doesn't require it .
This is not coffee ! ! ! Ye aapne kya bol diya  Whoa ! Do you have a ( very talented ) digital Team handling your #Twitter !wali praise , earlier too - you & couple of your fans , didn't appreciate ?
Huh ? This isn  t even about flopping . Not sure what you are even saying . Legs flying . Thought he got shot . Thankfully , he lived .I would have put Marcus and the defender in concussion protocol for the duration . Not sure how either guy survived an epic crash of that magnitude .
#DemDebates they fought and shouted about being filthy rich , making this or that bunch's #talking point , etc . , the same old #division and hype that put us at our neighbor's throat in the first place ! ( who hates ) spoke about problems of overall : booed .  funny , using a divisionistit statemet to blame someone else for the division . ( on a liberal democratically owned and operated social media website ) no Dems no voiceStanding w / humanity over #division is NOT divisionist¹ .  #Dems ARE smart ! But like MOST of us , get so easily #distracted by EMPTY and  losing sight of LONG-TERM societal goals .  For the record , I'm an .   ¹ I know YOU are , but what am I ?
What 2020 Presidential contender said the following ? - " I'd fuck that in a second , " - " I  d do that piece of meat   -  If women wanted to be appreciated for their brains they  d go to the library instead of to Bloomingdale  s  - Called women :  fat broads  &  horse-faced lesbian .  Links ? ? ? Don't believe a word of it .it's all true . there's more . no one has done the research . there's some democratic research against him since he was a republican .
In 2000 Austria was ostracized from EU institutions when the government went into a coalition with the right-wing Freedom Party . What about #SinnFéin in #Ireland the political branch of the IRA .. the fucking , murderous , knee-capping IRA . Don  t understand your point lad ? ? ...Yyeeeooo weaker ... and you a Brit
Bronny threw down the same Kobe dunk that LBJ did  ( via | teamjamesfamily / IG ) What do you mean " connections " ? His Dad is LeBron JamesYou missed it . * Of course he has connections when his dad is LeBron James .
50 hr / week job , 5 law classes , campaigning on the weekends , dry January & a bad cold got me like at least you  re done with january tomorrow ! you  ve got thisBut too sick to want to drink  so impressed you  re doing February too !
Human Scum . If you can name 5 or more of these folks you qualify for the hidden handshake ... Go ... This is easy even without the picture . When one thinks " principles " who doesn't immediately think of Rick Wilson , Tom Nichols , Amanda Carpenter , Bill Kristol and Evan McMullin ?I assume this is clear enough to steer clear of Poe's Law and I don't have to mention
You  ve done it America . You  ve blown by Michael Moore ... ( who is that at #18 ? ? ) The pen is mightier than the cheeseburger .I think Stu  s show would absolutely have bombed if it wasn  t for the #NancyPelosiSucksPens .
This exactly . From far away it looks perfect , from trailers it looks amazing . The aesthetic , lore , all the pieces are there for a strong game they just need to change their focus . I still can  t read the blog but I hope that is what they are discussing . I was able to read the blog . It pretty much said they are doing a massive rework of the game . This will prevent them from releasing new content until the rework is done . They recognize they made a mistake with shipping an incomplete game and will take their time with the rework .I finally got in as well . I still can  t believe their website bugged out . This gives me some hope especially since they recognize what they did and what needs to be done .
For corporate manufacturers , an opioid prescriber was a necessary element in their sales process . Had there been more doctors responsible for treating their patients , not just prescribing , maybe the opioid crisis could have been prevented ? Yes indeed . The language problem extends further . I was talking with priests and lay Spiritual directors a while ago ... they were referring to their clients in Spiritual direction ... you see the problem ... clients ? ? ?From clients , there is only one step to customers . BTW , how do they market their spiritual service products to their customer base ? I would not specifically blame priests . They are not the only ones falling in this trap . I see it daily in university departments .
On #asf vaccine news ? But it  s not fresh one     True , but thinking this market is trading more off virus fears than this news at the moment ... #coronoravirus is a bigger deal for #hogs , slows down imports ...I hope you also agree that it is more panic than real treat ? Or less Chinese less consumption ?
Punxsutawney Phil didn't see his shadow , I saw a robin this morning , and now there's the first sign of orange in the CFS Dashboard ! Perhaps there's a glimmer of light at the end of this long tunnel ! #Spring The reason you saw a robin is they never left . Been seeing robins in Omaha all winter . Just sayinExactly why I added the sighting of a robin to the list of forecasting methods as crazy as a ground hog and a 768 hour CFS model forecast .
Check any of the main #Canucks reporters twitters . Most of them have reported it Yup scrolled down and immediately saw the roster update haha that  s awesome   Schaller is not an NHL player . Seems like a great guy but being a - 13 with 6 ( mostly fluke ) points all season just isn  t enough5 of those are goals though . Lethal sniper ?
Dominic Cummings has mugged off Labour , Seumas Milne the EU the remain FBPE crowd the pro-EU media and the BBC in one fell swoop . He  s become their VooDoo doll and they despise him for it . He is an unelected bureaucrat . You know , exactly what we're leaving the EU to supposedly escape from . lol how dumb are you ?Asks a former DJ . Who plays games
This is what im looking at , just an observation but i am short at 3340 with stops I know how you were looking at it , I know Wyckoff , I'm just saying , that is not what I see . I do not see that we are in that part of the phase . We are taking out 3357.75 which invalidates what you are seeing . Hopefully helpfulThe beautiful thing I love about time ... The future always tells us who is right and who is wrong . You know I'll be paying attention . Other people's last words ... " We'll See " , then after that comes ... " Fuck you Jason , so what , you were right , your still an asshole " .
While Fox continues its lifelong quest to scare your grandparents into hoarding Franklin Mint coins , one growing conservative outlet is using colorful graphics and social media to appeal to a new generation . That outlet is Prager U . Prager U  s website says " Prager University is not an accredited academic institution ... but it is a place where you are free to learn .  That describes every single place ! The last place Sam learned something for free was in a bra store . She learned she  s been wrong for 35 years .you are a bought and sold propagandist claiming Prager U is propoganda ..
Went to go do some errands only to find that it was cold enough last night to drain my car battery . And of course Matt isn't home , so I'm stuck ... During our whole - 40C cold snap I remembered to plug in my block heater and didn't have any problems . Of course it's only - 22C last night and I don't think toYeah i had our car plugged in too , battery was less than a year old .. and bam ! ~ on a busy morning , no less . Lastnight the wind flipped our glass-topped barbeque on it's face and shattered it ; glass , metal and grease everywhere .. . The weather , it's been fun . :D
#BIPOC and / or #LGBTQ + people are not political pawns , we are #humans . As a member of one community and an accomplice of the other ; stop invoking our identities when it's politically advantageous to do so - it makes your stand out . See my complete personhood please . Otherwise , seeing my skin and / or gender only , reifies the monolithic identity non #BIPOC and / or #LGBTQ + people have of individual people within these communites who have different feelings , understandings , likes , and dislikes of the way the globe exists for them !And YES ! - I see the of this statement ! But if the community doesn't call it out , " we " never get to be seen as " I " . Please see ' s huffpost sermon from 2015 - " I , Racist " via
#womenpreachers were the first to announce the resurrection . Why not call them missionaries , or any other name or title which you want to foist on them ? Why not let the truth be sufficient for a change . The women who spread the news that they had seen Jesus were just ordinary folk who were overjoyed at what they  d found out ? Preachers ? No !Here  s a link to a list of some female missionaries . But I  m sure they knew better than to ever preach the Gospel .
Only approximately 8,333 X value to go So close I can smell it I believe you     I predict it to go up to . 25 in the next bullrunThis was supposed to be funny
Gosh . Ichiro can  t even pitch from the full mound . Why , when throwing simulated game BP , would a non-pitcher , throw from the mound ? Notice the net ? That protects him from line drives . If hes on the mound it wouldn't do him much good , would it ? I guess the fact he's one of the games  hitters doesn't save him from stupidityGeezus bro . You gotta put the on there . Don't you realize that Divish has a following largely made up of window lickers and flat earthers ? If you're not clear that you are being tongue in cheek or otherwise sarcastic , we believe you actually believe the filth
And paid our own sum 2 weeks after I ordered the car . With Motability you don  t have to pay a deposit , you can cancel the car until the point of collecting it . I was never intending on cancelling but the 4.5 month wait is a joke ! Hello . We're sorry you're experiencing these issues . Could you please get in touch with our colleagues at ? They'll be able to treat your request . Thank you , The DS team .I have been in talks with staff but still no further forward . I have submitted evidence of signed contracts and receipts . DS Rochford have given me until 6pm tomorrow to respond
I am sorry to not be able to stay in Washington for the conclusion of the Senate impeachment trial but I need to be home with my wife at this time . We have many decisions to make as a family . I have every faith in my colleagues and hope the Senate will do what is right . Says the twitter bot with 4 followersSays a pictureless conspiracy theory regressive MLM nutcase
Maybe Pete and Bloomberg , but Warren coming to Amy's aid made Pete seem a bit Pretentious and might have saved her for now . This Climate change issue will be the next test Amy is HORRENDOUS on climate issues . She  s basically Scott Pruitt disguised as a  DemocratAlso , to be clear , Amy would have to do horribly to tank . Shes the medias current sweetheart and a stong 4th is possible .
Heavy rainfall last week damaged homes , businesses , & infrastructure in Southeastern Kentucky . I  m grateful to the first responders who  ve helped many out of harm  s way . My team and I stand ready to work with local officials in the recovery process . I don  t remember you responding so fast when the hurricane hit Puerto Rico .Those are  brown people .  Can  t move too quickly when you  re dealing with non-Americans . #moscowmitch
Just his sexist , shitty , false observation . Wait , who's buying all of these pulpy fruit bombs then ?Women clearly . You know , when I see lines for haze grenade cans it  s alwayssssss mostly women .
You cant guarantee something that we will never know . Week 1 happened in the past . Why do you take everything so seriously on Twitter ?Isn  t that what Twitter is ?
I am So    Ma is Yelling at me We all need a mud bath now and then .So Glad his Little human friend taught him how to play in Puddles
Not at all . The economics of oilsands don't make a ton of sense . It's time to move on , and Alberta would have been so much more able to if it hadn't squandered the wealth . How are you going to waterproof roofs without oil ? How will you use your oil-free bicycle and car for tires ?Silly . Everybody knows oil comes from vegetables .
shopping with got 7 is prolly a dream and a nightmare u get to see these in every concert backstageaesthetic candids that u actually take instead of screenshots
White House  s proposed budget cuts over next 10 years :  Medicare : $ 850 billion  Medicaid : $ 270 billion  Social Security : $ 30 billion Entitlement spending needs to be cut - it  s the 1 # reason for the huge national debtAgreed ! ! The unfunded tax cuts had nothing to do with it
While our president exonerates criminals and releases them from jail , notice what color they all are . Just checking the comments to see the Republicans ( or bots ) coming in to defend organized crimeOh look an anti trumper with minimum following at the top of the thread with a huge response shocking
Republicans are trash . We  re all we got . Dems did what they could & did so valiantly . The rest is up to the American people . I don  t give a f * * k who is at the top of the ticket . #Trump and every Republican from dog catcher to Senator MUST GO in November ! #WokeAF #VoteThemOut2020 It  s bad enough they did it but look at who they did it for . Do you know anybody worse ? Racist . Rapist . Thief .They didn  t do it for him , he  s the convenient fool conduit through which they are trying to preserve white supremacy . That  s literally all . The thing is , once you  ve rid yourself of all the  others  , some grouping of whites will become the new nigger .
" They told me I only have 45 seconds up here , which is 45 seconds more than the Senate gave John Bolton this week , " Brad Pitt quipped . Unless of course they agree with you .  ,  .Dear Joe Nobody - they are citizens too . They have a voice and a platform , and if we are going to judge - your supporting a reality TV star - slash - failed businessman with a spray tan as a President .
If media reports are accurate - - about juror bias in the Roger Stone case - - I hope the Court will take such allegations seriously . Every American is entitled to political views , but no American should ever face a jury with seething political bias in a case that involves politics . Simply not fair .Says the guy that also said he had no intentions of being an unbiased juror .
Tax-raising powers are a relatively recent product of devolution . One which no-one voted for . Prior to that , Holyrood used Westminster funds to advocate a Nationalist agenda , including tax-raising powers for Holyrood #CircularLogic You emotional attachment to UK inhibits clear thinking - so I won't waste my time any longer .At least the nation I allegedly prefer actually exists #fanatic
I'll let you guys keep having your poverty quality camera over my Galaxy phones . And be a slave to the fruit . ( Snark ) #TimCookIsLateToTheParty Scott that  s fine you just can  t be in the group textGreen bubbles are a form of Samsung bigotry . Cook should be brought before Congress to explain his hate crimes .
my boys WILL be circumcised as soon as they come out of me , i've seen what not being circumcised has done to my cousins and . r pain it's brought them so NOPE I 100 % recommend you to watch American Circumcision on Netflix . It  s intimately your decision as a parent BUT please stay informed . The trauma infants endure during the procedure is barbaric & cruel . Let them decide as adults what they want to do with their bodies .Yeah I can attest , even to this day I am traumatized by what they did to me as a baby .
U . K . faces  major  #coronavirus outbreak , world expert warns . A fourth patient in England has been diagnosed with coronavirus as a microbiologist warned that the country could suffer a  major outbreak  which is likely to become a pandemic Not to worry . * 45 assures us it will just go away in April .I feel so much better now
i think we need to do more than that tbh I agree , but Thailand needs to start someplace . Sadly , giving gifts to the 20 millionth traveller just doesn't cut it anymore .Yeah . What happened to pushing MICE ? Need to jump back onto that . Sure that  s a winner right now . Honestly , cleaning up the environment , making it more accessible for older travelers and making the place safe would be a start for me .
Yesterday evening , I spoke with Premier about the blockades & our work towards a resolution to restore rail service in Ontario and across the country . More on our call : You realize you  re promotioning manslaughterRight ? Like as if I am gonna get elected prime Minister
Breaking     Tesla Giga 3 Shanghai Soon Achieves 12K Monthly Production , Number Will Gradually Rise Supply chains back to 60-70 % production , Zero case of Coronavirus in Shanghai Lingang & more Video of GF3 production lines $ TSLA #Tesla Highlight of the recent Tesla Gigafactory Shanghai production speed .Caution , NOT actual production speed , the video is FRAUD , its sped up ! #fraud #teslaq
I remember one year Sam didn  t promote the show and Cait was everywhere pulling all the weight . People were whining then how they were sick of her and how she was stealing his thunder . So she  s quite frankly damned if she does , damned if she doesn  t . Remember when Cait did most of the season 3 promo while Sam went on vacation ?Yep ! That year . I  m sure James McTavish gave her credit for that / praised her for being a great representative of the show
and the rest of the city council do not care about us . Took a stabbing in our parking lot to get an aide of to call back . I guess couldn  t find the time herself to call . The last time I ate at , a homeless man demanded our leftovers for his dog as we were walking back to our car , and yelled at us when we declined to give them to him . Put a damper on an otherwise nice evening .In Austin Texas dogs can eat in restaurants ( law passed ) but a homeless * human * has to beg for dog food . Priorities . Idiocracy . #Liberals #AustinTx #ATX
The child , Malik Issa , from Al-Issawiya village near #Jerusalem , was wounded with a rubber bullet to the head , which was fired by #Israel soldiers while he was returning from school to his home . #IsraeliCrimes #Israel news this morning claims the boy #Malik was hit in the eye by a  sponge bullet  during clashes in #IssawiyaOh well , in that case all is forgiven . Besides , how dare a Palestinian boy go to school and walk in the path of an occupation soldier sponge bullet ? The nerve !
I  ll apologize in the boys I  m going to bed just in barest for fucking behavior from my own ppl I Will deal with them tomorrow but Remember what Elon said You need to do a better job Because this was just important mixture for some events I  m going to bed I  m tired Ill deal With you guys in this stupid issue tomorrow morning have to get up really really early and I really can hope you guys can just practice some radical open minded to stop acting like you know everything stop using your hatred of someone you don  t even kno = reckless . Anyway tyvm .Yeah the funny thing is according to US law and do United States New York supreme court what I did was not illegal nor violating the TOS in fact . I  m not glorifying God violence I  m simply mopping the floor 2 drunk idiots Spewed all over which In another twist You  FBI
Bravo to Pelosi ! The GOP is disgraceful . I don't know what happened in Austin but it is a shame that liberals like you are destroying it . I love my Texas and fear for all of my loved ones there because of Democrat policies in cities like Austin . #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020Oh yes  Austin , which consistently sits atop the Forbes list of best places to live and for jobs is destroyed . Your logic is baffling
This four months old baby died in the freezing in Idlib , #Syria . There are hundreds of thousands of children under bombing in Idlib . The people in Idlib don  t want to die in silence . You should send message to your goverment . Stop fighting stupid wars . Now you are just asking for help from Europe . Healing starts from the inside , not out . p . s . There hasn't been under minus celsius degrees in Syria . #fakenewsOh look , Katariina , they're having nice warm snow there right now .
Or maybe people like their eyes  I know there are people who exist with some shitty ass takes , but can NOBODY ever tell that i'm joking ? I even used the improper YOUR in the hashtag to sell it .People with those views tend not to know the difference . Maybe try using next time ? It doesn't come across otherwise .
Let  s start by changing the priorities of our lawmakers ... 21st century still has lead paint ... New yorks mayor is quite decentRight ... go ask residents in apartments ... they love him Police throwing fun raises and naming children after him He so decent ... we can  t fine 1 billion in Thrive money ... he  s so decent naming bridge after him if we can find him at work
Why would be want to pay to have undone everything he's brought into Washington ? Then he definitely won't want to pay a penny to clean up any of the toxic waste he brought into town .But see , none of THAT has anything to do with him or is his fault in any way .
Is this the same as the when the Vatican sends up white smoke ?  I don  t understand why they can  t have coffeeBecause God damn stimulants that's why ! You hippy ! #badjoke
That  s what socialism does . It takes half of the money from people who hardly have any to begin with , and gives it to those who don  t deserve it . No , she reason she  s poor is because REPUBLICANS were the ones that raised the cost of attending college to ridiculous amounts . You boomers don  t realize that times have changed and it  s not possible to pay college with only a part time job like it used to be in the 80sYeah , as if raising tuition and fees had anything to do with a party affiliation . intended . I think that cat in your photo has more brains than you .
Right ! While she is putting her flaming sleeve out someone in the street  s head is on fire , no biggie ! Lol She breaks a window every time she tells her to turn down the heat ? That  s so stupid ! !Yeah cuz I believe everything I see on TV
It  s NOT for the Government to decide when Grandma / Grandpa have outlived their  usefulness  . It  s a family decision if treatment should be pursued . I paid Medicare premiums my whole adult life , I can choose if I want to supplement that when I retire . I don  t need  voters  or  the Government  telling me what care Is best for me or what age it should stop . That should be my choice .Yet illegals should get free healthcare , education , housing , Food Stamps-SNAP & Medicare they haven't paid into .
ANAROCK Property Consultants has put out some interesting data on unsold real estate . A small thread on that . As I had said in a tweet yesterday , the Indian media is obsessed with unsold homes in Noida and Greater Noida and the sob stories that come with it . But the problem is beyond Noida and Greater Noida .because of you .. nobody is buying :-)
Interesting . Do you agree with the Mayor of Birmingham ? Yes remove it because that  s why Birmingham is the 5th most dangerous city in America .Please here , otherwise I am really worried about your logic .
Wrapping up the first session today is the panel on Female Urology . Difficult cases , great discussion . #MayoReviews2020 Wait the panel is discussing female urology not made up of female urologists , right ? ( if that  s what is implied by the wording ) And that  s definitely possible coz someone has to discuss itWait , there's no female urologist in their whole country qualified enough to be in that panel ? Or maybe she exists but the organizers don't WANT to phone her ? Option 1 , of course , what else ?
The EU wants the power to renege on any trade deal signed with the UK if we don  t play by ECJ rules . Threats , blackmail , intimidation . With friends like these eh ? Anyone else think Boris should just call the whole negotiation off until they sort their act out ? We are now an independent country . The ECJ should have no jurisdiction . The EU should now deal with UK as an equal partner . The last thing they want is a no-deal WTO outcome . With Boris we can bring them to their senses ." easiest trade deal in human history . " " all of the benefits and none of the downsides . " " they need us more than we need them . " Yep . I see all that now .
Yup . It  s about keeping our streets safe . Removing racists like you would be a brilliant start .Oh start by removing so called  racists  instead of the piece of shit terrorists who want our heads on plates , wow why didn  t I think of that
You sound like my grandad lol Be kind , .. be nice ... : but this all down to austerity . Kill the Tory scumKnew you  d come around pal  ( #ihopeidontsoundlikethat )
Speaker Pelosi just ripped up : One of our last surviving Tuskegee Airmen . The survival of a child born at 21 weeks . The mourning families of Rocky Jones and Kayla Mueller . A service member's reunion with his family . That's her legacy . She ripped up some paper . All those things still exist , in reality or in memory . Unless , that is , you believe in voodoo .Maybe I do practice voodoo and black magic lmfao !
This guy ... what happened to him ? I cant find his  stick to NASCAR  tweets . Looks like he got sent to twitter timeoutWhat a shame ! He seemed so uplifting .
It's the way HOW she's raising that awareness ! Talking about stolen childhoods and such . I'm sorry , but everyone knows her background , knows who is pushing her to do this . Her tone is making enough people pissed & annoyed , not aware . I do what I can . I don't need a kid to yell at me . It  s not the fact that she  s a child , actually I think it  s awesome that a child cares this much about the environment . I just don  t understand boycotting school ? Everyone else her age goes to school no problem , like we did .. so why can  t she ?Holy shit . Why aren  t you out in Hollywood yelling at parents who put their kids in movies ? Or child model ? You seem so passionate about children going to school . I didn  t know that was your issue with it . So different now .
Oh & the organization blames the media about that . Instead of addressing the culture of the organization . When a team tatttles to the media about what a coach said in a meeting , that's a culture problem , not a media problem . And it still exists , exhibit A : the margin of a typical Cavs loss .I thought they realy turned the corner last night . #SignsOfLife
There have been no live witnesses in the senate trial . Quit trying to tell us otherwise . You are full of it . No live witnesses are required in the Senate trial , ever . If the House had done their job instead of blocking all but ONE GOP witness , we wouldn  t be in this mess . The House made this mess , the Senate has to clean it up . #shamimpeachmentI very much appreciate your articulate and thoughtful response .
President Donald Trump's job approval rating has risen to 49 % , his highest in Gallup polling since he took office in 2017 .  still a corrupt authoritarian with racist , bigoted tendencies that fooled over the ignorant massesYeah , he totally fooled us . He isn't doing anything of the things he said he would do .
Most Coronavirus Cases Caused By Arson , The Australian Claims Silly ... everyone knows it  s the Greens that created corona virus . It  s a drink isn  t it ? Druggies , drinkers and layabouts . If we all die it  s the fault of They caused the fires , the virus and the debt . And gays . They caused gays . All by themselves .Also the bushfires are the Greens ' fault because they opposed fire hazard reduction burns .
Interesting report from showing , amount other things , volume of work at various intensities over the last two weeks for Total V : 24,500 m < 70 % : 22,026 m ( includes w-ups ) > 94 % : 228m That  s 15 miles per week . Sorry , had to convert it for a distance running coach . None of those other numbers matter , just that one ...Curious , why do u say none of the other numbers matter except total volume considering the original comment was about ratios ? ? ( Or did I just miss the )
By down playing whatever I  ve been through like do you listen to yourself when you talk ? That's not disrespect . That's trying to show you that's even though you might suffer , you're still far away from the reality of people who suffer every fucking day and fear for their lives every fucking day .How do you know that he doesn't fear for HIS life everyday ? ? ? Oh right because you stopped viewing people as individuals ! #Racism
When Twitter Jail isn  t as bad as real jail . Yeah he's a great quality pillar of society . Domestic record . Writes letter to kids in high school . Is hateful . Also is a complete psychopath .But at least he's on point with crootin ! Lol
Horrible Science & Horrible Geography straight chillin on the sidelines rn Just waiting for the first declaration that the laws of physics are anti-BritishWhy should so-called  universal laws  apply to us ?
#China  s State Council said the proportion of infected patients said to be in a  serious condition  has dropped nationwide from more than 15 % to just over 7 % . Even in Wuhan the sitn said to have improved but number of infected there still ina  serious condition  remains over 20 % More details on the new #Hubei #coronavirus restrictions : nearly 60 million people ordered to stay at home unless there's an emergency ; the only exception is every 3 days 1 person from each household can go out to buy essential items ... [ cont ]Nothing to see here our numbers are down and everything is good .
BREAKING : A report on Canada's broadcasting and telecommunications sector commissioned by the Trudeau government is calling for widespread regulatory reform  including mandated Canadian content on streaming services and an ad-free CBC . Get lost Trudeau - let the market decide - if it good we will buy it - but second rate crap from Canada - NOBecause everybody knows that if we let the market decide , it will always be good for us ... sure ...
Congrats non the Super Bowl victory , ! Enjoy it for awhile !  Wow ... didn  t realize you were a Chiefs fan . CongratsShould  ve hashtagged that good to see someone other than New England rep the AFC . next year when the #Browns win you  ll be hearing it from me !
A highly contagious disease is highly contagious in a confined space with limited isolation in place ? Imagine my shock . Yup . It  s the risk of a cruise ship . That  s why they have hand sanitizer everywhere after those high profile Norwalk virus outbreaks a decade or so ago .Good thing the hand sanitizers were there to prevent illness ... < sarcasm doesn't tweet well >
. must take this misleading video about down now . Social media platforms are a place where people come for news & information . They need to have certain standards . Falsity has never been part of our 1st Amendment tradition . remove this lying , deceptive , threatening video . Now .Then you didn  t watch the #SOTU Talk about deep fake .
Breaking News : The Boy Scouts of America filed for bankruptcy , succumbing to pressures including a surge in legal costs over its handling of sexual abuse claims You go WOKE then you go brokeGod damn ! It rhymes , and everything ! LOL ! #BoyScoutsCrimeSyndicate
ahead : I LOVE getting harsh feedback from a prof on a psych discussion post where the assignment was to share my personal opinion .       Thanks for telling me how I should feel .  Hello ! I can do it for you starting at $ 10 per page . Want someone to help ?BEST spam reply ever . Yeah , sure Alex .. I just love doing stuff that's dishonest and illegal AF . Super good job , man , keep it up .
Students at the University of the Free State . #SouthAfrica That's one reason I don't want to send my children there . Funny how people who were given everything on a silver plate have the nerve of saying that . Ask you self why they are doing this remember protesting have been there for long time when u great grand fathers were looting and killing black people today u afford fees cz of privilegesYou guys are racist to the core , fueled by politicians . Good luck with  your own  farmers , bright times .
I  m running against some folks who are billionaires . I  m also running against others who aren  t billionaires , but get funding from billionaires . You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money . This has gone completely over your head .Oh has it ? Please educate me , oh wise one . Clearly you know so much . Dispense thy wisdom . I am elated at the prospect of learning from somebody so obviously superior to myself in knowledge . How do you learn these amazing things ? Are they taught only in video games ?
My husband was late to work today because HE slept in . My MIL told me since he was the  breadwinner  it  s my job to make sure he is up and going to work . And I not so politely said he is a fucking adult and HE can police himself . I  m NOT his mother . You can miss me with that bs please please please see a therapist . asap . yikes .I was told to see a therapist by a bird with an only fans account .
Regardless of your immigration status , I want every Angeleno to know your city is on your side . Here in Los Angeles , our police department does not coordinate with ICE or participate in immigration enforcement . Know your rights : Mayor Garcetti you protecting criminals , you should resign , unbelievable .How else do these people get elected if it weren't for the illegal and loafer votes ? They have to protect their constituents ! ! ! Yes , ...
She  s on medication you dumb fuck . Medication that makes her support Elizabeth Warren ?the is strong with this one
But you get 104 days of vacation a year ! I love how weekends are deemed vacationWhy you no die at your desk ? Have you no shame ! Why you need this thing called a life ?
Go look up white privilege plenty of articles out there . Or do you need someone to explain to you how to use Google too ? To call the concept of white privilege pure garbage is an insult to garbage honestly .Yea , listen to this guy with the Twitter account which he believes is destroying American values .
You mean you can keep the animals there ?  I meant the people who want to come and protect tigers and Lions etc .So are you telling me I shouldn't have given money to help with the Australian Bush fires ? Who on earth are you to tell me what I can and can't spend my money on ! ?
A hunter shot the poor dog ? It's sickening ! I think it ran across the road . These hunters are a disgrace . It  s actually illegal but no police as usualNaturally trails are always laid across A roads
Tell that to #flatearthers . i bet it takes you forever  I don't have so much time to waste but the Earth is still not flatNasa is a lie , believe that . is a b ...
Hey writers ... Do you ever look at your , you're or their , they're , there ... and question the usage ( even though you know how to use them correctly ) ? #WritingCommunity It irks me when I see others misusing these simple words . Another thing that irks me is , ' more better ' .It's better than better but it isn't quite best yet . #wink
Hey writers ... Do you ever look at your , you're or their , they're , there ... and question the usage ( even though you know how to use them correctly ) ? #WritingCommunity It irks me when I see others misusing these simple words . Another thing that irks me is , ' more better ' .It's better than better but it isn't quite best yet . #wink
These people should be sent to 20 years of community service . Get a freakin life . Protesting is as American as apple pie . From the Revolutionary Fathers to today . Glad we live in a society where it's not illegal .Yes , feeling free to vandalize property that doesn  t belong too you is the American Dream
REMINDER : President Obama won TWO elections fair and square ! ! But I thought we are a country of racism ?Well we just wait until after two terms of voting in a black president to show our utter and horrible racism    I had to wait for just the right time I suppose #kag2020
" central banks  balance-sheet expansion is essentially a failed policy experiment ... successful in putting a floor under collapsing markets over a decade ago ... But it failed to achieve traction in sparking vigorous economic recovery " cc : #stuck Dan / Guy - 2 losers who let their political views cause them to be bearish in one of greatest bull markets in historyummm , " spinner " is a totally appropriate Twitter handle for that nonsense . Wow
No , he isn't wrong ... the airline is wrong for making air travel a dehumanizing experience . The Airline ? I disagree . Nobody forced him onto that plane . I would wager he bought his ticket last minute , got the last seat avail . Up to the point they shut the door , he had a choice .Yes , the airlines tell you the seat pitch dimensions and allow you to tour the aircraft before booking your ticket . #AudibleEyeRoll
I choose hope over fear . I choose courage over cynicism . And if you're a Democrat you choose lies and cronyism over the American people . #stfu scumbagDo you not see the in your reply . Don  t let your #bias blind you to cynicism , fear and name-calling .
how do you get more forceful than shooting to kill John ? Being able to sort the lunatics out before they attack people . Carry out house checks and actually follow up on reports on people posting or planning terrorist attacks . Manchester bomber was ignored 5 times , if he wasn  t 23 people would still be alive .Missed because Brussels bureaucrats absolutely insisted that the UK : Cut its police numbers . Used UKBorderForce to do millions of random stop and searches instead of using intelligence . Invade Iraq . I don't know how the EU sleep at night .
It  s almost as if taking climate advice from a rodent is a bad idea . Who am I supposed to listen to then ? Scientists ? I don't think soWell that would be silly . It would be like listening to women about women  s health issues . That could never work
This isn  t a surprise but this lays it out in chillingly easy to imagine ways .  These pro-Trump forces are poised to wage what could be the most extensive disinformation campaign in U . S . history .  The 2020 Election Will Be a War of #Disinformation He's also setting the stage incase he loses . With massive amounts of political corruption he'll never accept the results and we could be looking at a major issue when he doesn't leave office .Nah . He wouldn  t . He learned his lesson right ? * This tweet delivered with
There is a very open divide between what is called the " Clinton wing " of the Democratic party and the ascendant left wing . The former is more inclined to symbolic forms of social control in the same sense that the religious wing of the GOP wants to symbolically punish abortion I would argue that the Clinton side is all * about * control . Social and otherwise . Hence their very hawkish views on the military and support of American hegemony and border control . They're practically Reaganites . The dems have never been left wing because America has , from the" Jock McAskill ? I don't care that he's from Glasgow and wears tartan . He put sugar on his porridge , so he's not Scottish . "
When a conservative girl visits to ask students basic questions about life ... I went there to ask them Presidents Day trivia questionsWow . That school is worth all the student debt ! It's really preparing kids for life ! I'm enjoying the free exchange of ideas and dialog !
Imagine signing a 36 - year-old indie wrestler to a WWE developmental contract ( and it not being an outlier ) . NXT is a failure . It's losing to the Outlaw Mudshow known as AEW . Of course it's a failure . AEW is pure shit . How can WWE not beat them ?Because right now they  re the shiny new toy that everyone wants to play with . Once it  s stops being shiny you realize it  s all smoke and mirrors
The bachelor - worst show on television ! A bunch of immature not ready fame seeking women seeking a not ready immature fame seeking man ! The worst ! #bachelor #theworst #nbc ! ! ! that  s what makes the show entertaining ! ! everyone who watches the bachelor knows that it  s a bad show but that  s why it  s hilariousPeople LOVE IT ... the drama is REAL !
Plus ,  Act like men  here does not mean  Act less feminine .  The contrast is not man / woman but man / child . He means  grow up . Act like adults , not children .  See similar Pauline contrast in 1 Cor 13 :  When I became a man , I put away childish things .  Not tough if being so gets in the way of being Mature . I . e . , Gentle . Kind . Loving . Joyful . Peaceful . Patient . Good . Faithful . Self-controlled .In fact - if u promote this as literal " men " ( masculine ) I would say you are being immature .
Joker manage to make 1 billion without China's help . Never knew joker was a groundbreaking female led filmWell Groundbreaking is Groundbreaking I'll take that everyday over " just " mediocre .
Sunday afternoon thought : it  s fascinating to see some folk whose opinions have been heavily criticized for flawed science or misrepresentations convince themselves instead that it  s their honesty & stand on integrity that makes them unpopular . Pro tip : it  s not . The greenhouse effect is flawed science . Trace gases behave like light bulbs except the light is invisible and enough heat the atmosphere an extra 33K . The atmosphere equals 66.56 C with every particle equal to 1.38 E - 23 joules . Irradiance increases particle energy not trace gases ." Irradiance increases particle energy not trace gases . " Nobel prize material .
This churchman gives a bad name to churchmen BEFORE the election he helped his fellow Old Etonian and he traduced the man who wanted to help the poor and fight racism of all kinds Justin Welby says he is ' sorry and ashamed ' over church's racism When will people actually look at the masks people wear ? I still struggle with the concept of being a Christian and being a Conservative . To me they are polar opposites of each other .This man needs a mirror + to listen to his own words ! or arrogance ?
There are tornadoes in Charlotte and why wife texted me my flight might be delayed ... wtf I don  t land until almost 10pm anyway I saw the east coast is getting bad weather . Alabama is getting hammered right now . I  d take rain and tornadoes over the cold . But that  s just how much I hate being coldYep just got noticed that my flight scheduled to leave at 5:45 p today doesn  t depart Houston until 8: 15p now that brings me walking in my house at 1:30 am ... love it when I wake up my wife #pissedwife
To think that I would attend the #SOTU to hear the message of an IMPEACHED president is a thought that in no way would be consistent w / my fight and struggle against this dishonorable president . I will certainly NOT be there ! I love you . Thank you so much for your patriotism .You are questioning patriotism while you have the wrong flag in your Twitter handle . Liberia   USA
Lolz , if you believe real estate agents , some ' reportedly ' said Brady bought a place in Vegas so did OJ , don't mean he's playing here any time soonAlso the level of " trust " I inferred for real estate agents was a joke ;)
Dr . Relucio is absolutely right ! The combustion of e-liquid is certainly dangerous , and so is the smoking of e-cigarettes . Therefore I strongly recommend vaping instead of smoking . This talk is a masterpiece , gallons of bs in less than 2 min . You can't combust eliquid . Try to set it on fire , see what happens . Do not try and combust an ecig . Nobody with an ounce of sense would combust or smoke an electronic item with a battery . All these people with titles but 0 knowledge . Don't need sense , just a fancy paperNo worries , he knows very well what he  s talking about    have a look at his profile page  he  s a good guy , very good guy !
Bidwill paraphrased on this morning : He hopes fans recognize a lot of the good things the team is doing is because of [ Keim  s ] decisions , said to look at the guys not available have on defense last year & noted that  s something any GM would have struggled with . What does any of that have to do with us wanting keim fired ? Bidwill is out of touch .Bidwill clearly has no idea about the cardinals . I mean we ALL know more on Twitter
Men lie , women lie ... #  s don  t ...  It  s easy when you get away with pass interference on every route !Yeah , because we all know the refs are reluctant to call pass interference . #OkudahisaBeast !
Perhaps if you had an education or real world experience , you could figure out basic concepts for yourself .     Maybe if you didn't have so much education oh , you wouldn't be as brainwashed as you are and you would still be able to think for yourself rather than just thinking what you're told to think . You're not nearly as smart as you think you areSo education , intelligence and real world experience make me MORE susceptible to other people  s brainwashing ? LMAO . Brilliant logic .
This is going to be a very emotional episode . Just reading this brings back memories .  Memories of WHAT   Pretty sure you weren  t even around when she passedYeah Charmein does look like she is 5
Care to screenshot that ? I'd like to see that one Sure Support a creator or artist so they can create   Charity should be for those in need sick , struggling people who are unable to provide due to extenuating circumstances ? How about children starving ? Homelessness ? Tragedy ? R ppl really taking advantage of others kindnessYeah because these people have taken a gun to the head of the people donating to make them donate Donating to something is a fucking CHOICE .
NEW : Church of England " still institutionally racist " , says Archbishop of Canterbury Aye . New comments from Justin Welby on C of E racism .It's not new to anyone who has worked there ...
Guy from Home Alone 2 offers his opinions on the Oscars He says , has best foreign film won best picture before ? E'rm .. Do British ones count .Maybe he thinks British is still a colony in the US ' GREAT ' empire . But South Korea is a foreign country coz their ppl are Asians .
Black African crime gang terrorises shoppers and staff in Melbourne Woolworths store The astonishing thing was that they went back to the scene of their crime after 15 minutes to do it all over again - where were the police ?Well ... Given African Gangs don't exist , I suppose they were out bagging REAL criminals with mobile sites detection devices , et al .  #facepalm
I'm blocked by Ezra , so I can't see his tweet and I'm ok with that He  s raising money by claiming the police is investigating him for writing an anti-Trudeau book .... Isn  t it wonderful that he had the wherewithal to record and video tape his  claim  ! #trudeaugestapo
What are the names and titles of the people he is negotiating with ? You  re asking for more than the Mohawks are willing to give .At least Marc Miller assures us they are good people .
This Impeachment mess is only serving to further divide our country . Folks in Iowa want to see us getting work done . This is not helpful to that . We need to get back to the people  s business . The past two weeks have shown why we can't let Chuck Schumer take back the Senate . Donate here to help me beat his handpicked candidate and hold the Senate .You and your fingernails really tried to bring us all together yesterday with putting your foot in your mouth about the Bidens . Please vote phony Joni out of office .
We hope it doesn't , and this is a risk that comes with any CD action . Just ask anyone who's done it before--civil rights activists in the USA , Gandhi in India , and many others . and as a cancer survivor how could you possibly support the disruption of travel in this country ? how many patients are not getting where they need to be for treatment ? how many life saving drugs are being held up ?Oh , yes , I remember my treatment like it was yesterday . Checking the train schedule , hoping the chemotherapy train was on time , feeling sorry for people who didn't have rail service and therefore no chemotherapy .
Paging #ER - do emergency physicians take detailed history ? Take a history ? Yes . Detailed ? No . Must be quick , the ER is a time-constrained setting . Each minute I spend with patient A is one more minute that patients B , C , D through Z are waiting , and wait times are dangerous . There  s only one doctor , and lots of emergencies happening .But ... Why don't you ask about their relationship with their mom before intubating ? You never know what you might be missing !
Not only are they corrupt but they are backward thinking as well . Soooo backward to not want to chemicaly neuter little boys and girls when dont even understand the life long complications .Did you read the article ? Because it quoted the American Pediatrics Association stating their recommendation of these REVERSIBLE procedures if requested by the patients and their families . is so great women and now children have no right over their medical decisions
My son doesn  t watch  network tv  and doesn  t have access to the internet . So no , I  m not naive . Just a good mom .   It can happen now . Doesn  t matter how much you try and shelter your children . They always seem to find a way .So don't even try . That is good parenting right there
Hi , I have booked for a package delivery , not yet picked up . Issue is that the declared weight is 2.0 Kg , however now when I measured it comes to 2.3 Kg . suggest a solution . AWB is : 2827710196 501 Hi Ashish , hope the shipment has been picked .Thanx for the super experience which teaches me to AVOID DELHIVERY services . #Unbelievable , . AWB is : 2827710196 501 .
Same here . Let me know how it turns out trying to tell people that actually played how they should feel from a couch fan . You people are so touchy . If you played you should be loyal to the Gamecocks . Not any orange allowedYet you cheered for Clemson players that transferred to UofSC .
I vaguely recall seeing it . Warren got refund requests too , after finally admitting she's not for $ MedicareForAll & then trashing #Bernie2020 at the debate . I'm interested , do tell us how sanders would destroy America .This guy sounds like such a monster !   #MakeAmericaBern2020
Yes , let's kill only plants because there is no blood coming out of them . Please save plants as well  #NoMeat_NoCoronaVirus I actually meant , your question was confusing . giving mixed notions . with proper treament meat is fine too . and saving plants ? there is a scarcity of almost everything already . kia kia bachao ge . correct me where I m wrongis what you need to understand in the tweet .
Even as the novel coronavirus spreads across the world , the majority of reported cases and almost all the deaths are in the area where it started Because it's a race based bioweapon . Even the guy who died in the Philippines was Han Chinese .Can  t be that , sorry . My Anthropology professor spent an entire lecture saying that there is no such thing as race . So there can  t possibly be a race-based bioweapon . the coronavirus is just another social construct and it was designed to kill another social construct
Blinker usage doesn  t seem to be a priority to some even on sunny days .      True , some think they  re optionalI think the manufacturers don  t put them on every model .
Is this true ? ( was working so missed ):  In first two hours of the debate , Dems never mention the issue people care about most : the economy and their jobs .  According to billionaire Tom Steyer , Climate change is our biggest worry .The latest scare is the earth below Antarctica is warming to above freezing . The only way to save us is to inject nancys and ocasios cold hearts to chill the molten lava below .
Canaanites installed closed financial systems and have the world enslaved in imaginary debt . They have committed so many crimes on humanity it is just ridiculous . This kind of global coordination comes from a cult . Just depends how far back it goes I guess . Elites also have been known to congregate around a massive moloch statue and have rituals . Moloch worship is indeed real and still going on to this day within the upper echelons of power . They are the cause of attempted destruction of western world through immigration and guilt .I find it hard to believe that left wing politicians and leaders worship demonic gods , that's just an absurd notion .
She plainly doesn't * want * to kill innocent people , but rather accepts it may be a consequence . The Dorset Eye surely knows these are not the same thing , but sells more readers to advertisers by pretending it doesn't . #WeakenedByExaggeration The same cynicism that leads to a person swinging for being in the wrong place at the wrong time or for not being there at all ?Did you not notice the ' ? ' Possible alert
ilysm roger but im broke af  Good seats in Edmonton are $ 800 . Bad seats are $ 150 . I  m out .Yep $ 800 to hear how bad capitalism is .
The front page of tomorrow's Daily Telegraph : ' A freed terrorist strikes again ' #TomorrowsPapersToday I  m just as afraid of Tommy Robinson supporters as I am ISIS terrorists . All extremists .Understandable , considering the deluge of reports regarding Tommy Robinson supporters , bombing pop concerts and attacking people with machetes . <- For those with a low IQ !
Thanks for the update but #cardsnation probably couldn  t care less about another one of these moves . I'll keep that in mind . But then when I don't point out a move , I'll be reminded that I didn't point out that move . So awesome .Oh boy we just punched our ticket to the series . #MoSucks
Caroline was hung out to dry by ITV . She was distraught they didn  t stand by her . And distraught about the lack of support she was given . Caroline and I were devastated to attend the funeral of our friend Mike Thalassitis last year . I cannot believe we are here again . What if meghan has post-natal depression ? What if she wants alone time ? What if she feels isolated ? What if she's finding it hard bein a new mum & Royal figure ? What if Prince Harry is trying his best to support his wife and son ? WHAT IF YOUR WORDS CAUSE HARMAnd what does he do for a living
Yesterday evening , I spoke with Premier about the blockades & our work towards a resolution to restore rail service in Ontario and across the country . More on our call : You realize you  re promotioning manslaughterRight ? Like as if I am gonna get elected prime Minister
Make it mandatory 2 year military internship for each #medicos . Our country needs discipline citizens like that of #SouthKorea and #Japan  it's only sarcasm not for serious . Ok if you want this then I feel proud and happy for this . Btw no-one can use terrorist word for a CM but BJP ministers use Anurag thakur parvesh Vermaalong with #Praise go hand in hand . Let us be sincere and good citizen of earth .
I always wonder , why are minds always stuck in tier 1 production applications only ... there is a lot more out there ... imagine if we separated all batch jobs ( don  t tell me you don  t have any ) . Hence my # 1 advice to all cloud sales people was / is TALK WORKLOADS NOT APPLICATIONS ! From this side of the Atlantic at the launch of the largest industry event on the planet - #HM20 - Cloud   is dead  . Long live  Edge .Just like PC is dead ?  I love those industry pundits who kill tech waves with slides !
My favorite game ! How would Republicans react if Barack Obama used this kind of pressure on a Republican governor for personal benefit ? Well they lost their minds over  tan suit  sleeveless dress  such snowflake  s HypocritesIf hypocrisy was a sin , Jesus probably would have said something about it . Maybe more than once .
It  s NOT for the Government to decide when Grandma / Grandpa have outlived their  usefulness  . It  s a family decision if treatment should be pursued . I paid Medicare premiums my whole adult life , I can choose if I want to supplement that when I retire . I don  t need  voters  or  the Government  telling me what care Is best for me or what age it should stop . That should be my choice .Yet illegals should get free healthcare , education , housing , Food Stamps-SNAP & Medicare they haven't paid into .
BREAKING : Rush Limbaugh , the conservative radio host and political commentator , announced on air that he  s been diagnosed with advanced lung cancer . I'm sure there will lots of love and caring from the left about this one , since they're all about love and caring .And Trumps Right Wing are famous for compassion .
So What abt the Constitution Do You Think Is Good , or Do You Think It Should Be Shredded Entirely ? I love the Constitution . It was put in place , in part to ensure we never had a POTUS that tried to be king . Now answer my question .My but You Are #Autocratic Bossy Yes , I Knew That . They Knew That Those Who Have Skin in the Game Are More Responsible than Those Who Don't . Do You Think That Was Bad ? If So , for Someone Who " Loves the Constitution " You Sure Seem Eager to Find Fault w Those Who Wrote It .
I don  t understand why this is cute ? This makes me want to die . What is wrong with people .I didn  t know spousal abuse fell into the category of being funny . How ignorant of me . #poormarketing
I  ll do that . And the best thing is that I only have to make a copay ! Perhaps I will text her before next session . Maybe she can get them on sale next couple days they  ll go quickly .This therapist I see , Is the best therapist I ever had . She  s Secretariat at the 1973 Belmont . She  s helped me through some hard times . She  s dealt with my darker moments . Now I just go for the chocolates .
I thought it was space meth since weed is harmless and she clearly has substance issues . Oh it's for sure meth . And follow up , why do we have a " POC " female on drugs ? I thought this new " WOKE " time we live in frowns on that ?Black woman crack head . Real progressive of the writers . #StarTrekPicard
Looking at the replay on that supposed offside goal by Haiti , just wonder if the Caribbean side was just #Concacafed Usually that happens to the USA , not other teams #USAvHAI #Tokyo2000 You can see the rust on the cleats ! Terrible lead passes , bad traps and a quesy defenceFire the coach ! Poor preparation ! He should have had them working over Christmas and New Years ! Seriously , I think this happens every year . Last year it was two sub-par performances against France and Spain
So Wayne . It sounds like what you wanted was renationalisation of Industry and investment in infrastructure , as promised in only the Labour manifesto . How did you vote ?   Tory . To Get Brexit Done . Obviously  Wayne has clearly had a few too many . Not entirely fair to put him in the spotlight but hey ho .He exercised his democratic right to examine the choice in front of him ( agree to be interviewed or not - She refers to an off air , pre interview conversation ) & made what he would claim is an informed decision with full knowledge of the consequences .
I  ve got plenty of criticism for some BBC current affairs & politics progs like Newsnight , but I  m dead against privatising the BBC axing the licence fee and making it a subscription service like Netflix . Why ? Because of great programmes like this . Sorry to potentially ruin this for you , such programs are merely , thinly disguised climate alarmist propaganda .Yeah , because climate change isn  t happening , is it ? We  re just imagining the record hot temperatures each year .
How much did you get paid to poison our schools with common core ? You gave them $ 350 million in tax money and got a $ 65 million kickback in return ... and math scores plummeting . I hope your Martha  s Island mansion was worth dumbing down American children . Poison LOL you really are dumb blonde .Proof that common core is so effective .
Absolutely disgusting service at Schiphol airport . 55 minutes we have been stood in the immigration queue . This isn  t the Brexit I voted for . The people voting against free movement of people are surprised they no longer move as freely .Oh the of a #Brexiteer getting what they voted for .
Except to see the usual pundits pontificate . Maybe Cashman's proposal for a national register could get a boost ?Yes . Let's set up a registry of people we have traditionally persecuted . Haven't heard that before , and can see no problems with it .
And ... it's 3PM so these are our final numbers for Iowa . Remember to criticize us if someone other than Sanders wins since we had Sanders as the most likely winner , and also to criticize us if Sanders wins since we had him at < 50 % . So if I understand you correctly , you are guaranteeing a Bernie victory ?NONONO he's guaranteeing a Bernie loss . Don't you understand math ? !
Been feeling  unwell  today , so I  m trying to  eat my way  through it . Now I feel slightly unwell and full  It  s no use , I need adult supervision   You probably have that overactive thingy ? You know ?No , apart from that ... today you an overactive knife and fork    I know
The FA has closed an investigation into allegations that Liverpool employees hacked into Manchester City's scouting system . the matter was settled years ago between the two clubs don  t get why it was even investigatedI'm amazed that in a thread full of fans other clubs , including your own crying over Liverpool not being punished , that you have the cheek to label Liverpool fans victims .
Jewish Jon Stewart , who lost family in the Holocaust , was labelled a " self-hating Jew " for rather mild criticism of Israel . However , because he's not a politician he told his critics to " go f ck yourselves ! "  Ah . Yes . Was told the same . Ha ! Michael Rosen was too .I get accused of being Hamas , but I tell them I'm actually Sagittarius .
No it's simple , only white people can be racist , said the racist . Exactly , its stupid and ignorant . The word ' racist ' isn't even used for the actual definition anymore .Nothing new ! Book of Enoch , canon in Ethiopian & Eritrean Church : Noah's father Lamech asks his father Metusaël if his son is normal being so fair skinned , radiant eyes and golden hair . Metusaël reacts : " don't worry sometimes a white cow is born between the brown ones "
I don  t expect the world to act like the church , but our country has had a sense of moral decency on prime time TV in order to protect children . We see that disappearing before our eyes . It was demonstrated in tonight  s #SuperBowl Halftime Show  w / millions of kids watching . This exhibition was Pepsi showing young girls that sexual exploitation of women is okay . With the exploitation of women on the rise worldwide , instead of lowering the standard , we as a society should be raising it . I  m disappointed in and the .You're a regular Bella Abzug . I know how concerned you are about empowering young women .
How fast are #PremierFord and #MinisterLecce moving to resolve the #TeachersStrike that lasted months now ? even hid research results on parents overwhelmingly opposing increasing class sizes just to avoid losing face . All ego . When  s the leadership going to start ? Yes it's a shame they haven't let all the teachers go and start classrooms run by artificial intelligence .Why bother with AI ? Maybe go ahead and lower education requirements to end at Grade 8 , lower age requirements to start work at age 12 and start sweatshops ?
If you had to cast your vote today , who would you vote for ? #Trump #GoVote #Bernie2020 Accidentally clicked on the wrong nameNo , the guy with his Wang hanging out
President is expected to release a $ 4.8 trillion budget that cuts social-safety-net spending while boosting the military #WSJWhatsNow About time . Food stamps and welfare have been abused for decades . If you are able bodied and live in a metro area get a job .And what about all those lazy pathetic senior citizens who cry about social security and Medicaire ? They should be working till they drop in aisle 4 shelving at Walmart .
No one should attack and its members for fighting hard for themselves and their families . Like them , I want to see every American get high-quality and affordable health care  and I  m committed to working with them to achieve that goal . I guess you are since CAP and Neera Tanden are deeply involved . And considering that YOU walked back support for Medicare 4 All , you're going to fit right in with the corruption . #NeverLyingLizGosh darn it you're just being Mean
Y  all Liverpool fans are hilarious . Best team in our lifetime and still spending time and energy playing the victims instead of basking in the brilliance taking place on the field . Life is good for u rn . Prolly as good as it  ll ever get tbh . Take a breath , have a laugh . Enjoy it ! If that tweet has got you rattled just grow upWhat an intellectual response . " Grow up " says the guy who has a fan boy account of Fabinho to post his opinions .
He  s a young kid trying to play hero . Jimmy G looking smooth like Mahomes is no better than Watson or anyone else . Perceived as good because he was thrown into a playoff tested roster . Unbelievable .did the right thing drafting Trubisky over both of them ! ! And not resigning Robbie Gould too ! ! #Dumbasses #Brady
According to Germany  s domestic intelligence agency , far-right extremists committed 10,105 violent crimes in the last decade , as well as 83 murders since 1990 . In comparison , Islamist terrorists killed 17 people in the same period . via Killed only 17 people . This just shows how peaceful Islamists areRight , you only killed 3.5+ million alone in Iraq
Yes , she is a woman color and hence dark , you racist HRC supporters . #Tulsi2020 Not sure what a  woman color  is , but I hate Tulsi because she  s nothing more than a political opportunist . Her skin color is irrelevant to the conversation .Maybe Tulsi can explain why she deserves to earn the Democratic Presidential nomination the next time she is on Sean Hannity's program . That's a great way to appeal to the progressive / liberal base .
Driver denied driving despite it being on camera , right up to point of trial . The trial is adjourned due to other hearings . We reattend yesterday THEN he enters a guilty plea . 12 week prison sentence , suspended for 12 months . What  s the betting we meet him AGAIN ? How frustrating for all of you ! How many chances can one guy get ? Such a poor use of the police time and the criminal justice service ... all at the public expense .Extremely frustrating Colette . He had plenty of opportunity to plead due to overwhelming evidence many months before . If he had access to free legal advice at court ( now removed for traffic offences ) he may have been advised earlier and in turn , saved a lot of money .
If the DNC cheats Bernie out of the nomination at the convention , I WILL NOT VOTE DEM IN THE GENERAL ELECTION . Sounds like the DNC didn't learn from the last election .Nope and they are still trying to force unwanted candidates down the voters throats . Who knew that's a bad strategy ? !
Six passengers on a Greyhound bus headed from Los Angeles to San Francisco were shot early Sunday morning , the California Highway Patrol said . Good thing their senators are working on a fruitless impeachment .Because before the impeachment , senators were so on the ball with preventing gun crimes
I  m Canadian and I thought our countries were culturally similar . I  m not so convinced anymore . As a US immigrant turned US citizen , I  m happy the US is so different from your canada . It makes my 2nd amendment right all the more precious and my efforts to immigrate in this Country all the more worthwhile . Greatest Country on earth !Really itchin to shoot somebody legally are ya ? That IS precious !
Union Home Minister and BJP leader Amit Shah to hold three public rallies in Delhi , today . Union Minister Smriti Irani and BJP President Jagat Prakash Nadda will also hold three rallies each . #DelhiElections2020 ( File Pics ) Budget session is starting , Does Home Monster have any sense of Work ?Budget comes every year , Delhi elections only once in 5 years . How is it that hard to understand ? before anyone pounces on me
Lena Waithe will voice Disney's first openly-LGBTQ animated character in #Onward  ' It  s a modern fantasy world and we want to represent the modern world ' ( via | ) My son will wait for Trolls 2 to come out . Thanks for the heads up on this movie . I'll pass .Deciding what movie to watch or not watch is so abusive ! She needs some re-education.
If this is an online test , logging into it on 2 different pcs can help . not a bad idea , i made copious notes on previous occasions which i hope will speed up mattersIt  s the only way I got through a GDPR one .
Loyalty is NEVER irresponsible . Unfortunately people have forgotten that trait Loyalty to your family is all that matters .Dustin is right . The way the American economy is set up today , $ 3 million a year won't even let you feed a family of four 3 square meals a day . Screw loyalty ...
Democrat leaders want to destroy the Constitution in order to impeach .  I don't care what kind of nice , little , legal , Constitutional defenses that they came up with .   Dem Sen . Mazie Hirono That  s wrong on so many levels . She's got about a 65 IQ . That's the best she can do . Hawaiians should be mortified .You  re talking about IQs , David ?
Congratulations to the Queensland police for keeping an open mind and awaiting proper evidence , including the possibility that Rowan Baxter might have been  driven too far .  But note the misplaced outrage . How dare police deviate from the feminist script of seeking excuses ... He tried to break her arm ...But have you considered his point of view ? He might have been provoked ! ( )
The ones that fit my bed are in the wash and these r temporary and the second I move around they pop off ok    dont shame my tiny sheets   The first problem , you  re explaining yourself to someone let alone a random person . Secondly , he has 10 followers #trollSo he sheet shamed her , and you're follower shaming him ?
Oh , suicides don't count ? I thought all you gun nuts were so concerned about mental health ? Hrm ... how do people get illegally owned firearms ? No , of course suicide don't count . Somebody who wants to off himself can jump from the top of a freeway bridge . Are you going to pass a law against that ? How about freedom of choice , I remember all leftist douchenozzles are all for that . Or is that only applying for baby killing ?So , because he can jump from the top of a freeway bridge , we should make it easier for him . Makes perfect sense .
Gopal says he wanted to study at Jamia 5 years ago , and once when he went to submit admission form , he was bullied by some students who asked him to chant Azadi slogans , and made him rub his nose on ground . He became self-radicalized as a result . Source : a report in TheSquint . Dude he is 17 year old which means he must be passing out 12th standard , so before 5 years he must be in 7th or 8th . How come he can apply in college ? Looks like theSquint is fake news creater .Look at the tweet carefully it is written in the font
Protecting the system may serve the union brass , but not Ontario students . It  s about time someone said the truth : qualification and merit must trump over union seniority . #onpoli The problem is ' so called ' merit has led directly to nepotism and favouritism .You're talking about how runs his govt , aren't you ? #onpoli
Expand you're world . Gender & sexual diversity really needn't be difficult . I can choose my beliefs who are you to dictate ? I am not gay I have friends that are !Well , that makes you an expert then doesn't it ?
Yes . I said you win . You are Queen Beyonce . If I can be Jennifer Lawrence . You be you girlie . Which is why I  m also Jason MamoaFine RGB . You are beautiful like Beyone and sexy like Jason Momoa .
Yes , its working now and I've just raised a trouble ticket with you . Ta . When can I expect a reply ? Its now been 24 hours . TICKET ID : 200214-0001 62Would it help if I told you that I'm trying to leave you because your service is so poor . And I find I can't migrate my domains away because ... your service is so poor .
It  s one thing to deplore eugenics on ideological , political , moral grounds . It  s quite another to conclude that it wouldn  t work in practice . Of course it would . It works for cows , horses , pigs , dogs & roses . Why on earth wouldn  t it work for humans ? Facts ignore ideology . The comments show that people don't actually care about the point being made . They instead care about proving their morally superior to Richard Dawkins . Problem is their intentional misrepresentation of his point proves they're not even that . They're just even more wrong .This tweet is hilarious . You  re showing your own moral superiority with it . And you  re wrong .
Boy Scouts file for bankruptcy protection due to sex-abuse lawsuits Let us be honest here . It isn't just because of the sex abuse lawsuits . It is because they became woke and started letting girls in and now their numbers are a fraction of what they used to be , so no revenue coming in to fight the lawsuits .Yep , Boy Scouts started letting girls in on Feb 1st 2019 . 11 months later they are bankrupt .
Remember : our " crazy idea " of universal health care is a reality in : Australia Austria Belgium Canada Chile Czech Rep . Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Israel Italy Japan Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal S . Korea Spain Sweden Switz . Turkey U . K . germany isn't communist i should know cause i live thereI'm assuming you missed his wink at the end
Do we trust the Defense Dept ? That is a good question . Vindman's superior said he's welcome back and they have a place for him ." Liberals " LOVE the Military and the DoD . #Resist #Fascist #Liberal Vindman
I vaguely recall seeing it . Warren got refund requests too , after finally admitting she's not for $ MedicareForAll & then trashing #Bernie2020 at the debate . I'm interested , do tell us how sanders would destroy America .This guy sounds like such a monster !   #MakeAmericaBern2020
Also , so strikingly generous to " look into " climate change while continuing to dump tons of unnecessary ( but cheap ) plastics into packing supplies for the biggest shipping retailer in the WORLD . I mean he's spending a whole 7.7 % of his net worth . What a sacrifice . How can anyone think to live on a mere $ 120 BILLION ? How is that even possible ? I mean if he lives another 40 years , that is only $ 8.2 MILLION per DAY . I mean you can barely buy an island for that .The poor man had to spend a whole 0.1 % of his worth to buy a ramshackle Bel-Air estate with acres of land , a private golf course , and luxurious swimming pools . Oh , the suffering . So yes , I totally trust that this man of the people is going to solve world problems .
Yes he is . He wants to fix the democracy that's broken . The courts . Who else is calling for that ? no one . Again : Be serious . Literally all of the Democratic candidates have policy positions with respect to the courts . That's not " generational change , " that's just politics as usual . For * radical * proposals , look to Sanders and Warren :But he  s calling for deficit reduction . Surely nobody has ever done that before . #NeverPete
Car plant shutdowns around Brexit deadline hit UK production If Brexit is going to be so good , why aren  t there loads of global companies setting up business in the UK ?Because diesel and Turkey obviously .. do keep up .
A newspaper column can only be so long , and there were so many beliefs that I couldn  t fit them all . But if you have some , please tweet them with #IBelieve and we  ll pick out some of the best . I believe that all the patents that Ivanka's company recieved in China were on her own merit and not because of her name ! #IBelieveI believe that Jared Kushner was the best person to broker a peace deal in Israel and that the Palistinians don't need to be involved in the negotiations ! #IBelieve
Nice ! ! ! I got mine down to < 1200 and was proud of myself   ( lots of newsletters , emails to myself etc ) I have that habit too ... and a way to keep those organized ! Scary how the spirit of orderliness is taking over up in here ...I bought a copy of Getting Things Done by Allen in 2018 . Haven  t had a chance to read it yet .
Yes , someone I spoke to on twitter knows someone who told someone else that he heard from another person that you are talking rubbish . Except I was there . Enjoy the storm .Bordeaux ? Ah well as a little Englander you've got me there . I am terrified of going to France ... Or anywhere foreign . You have a sole monopoly on that , well done . I know no foreigners whatsoever . but he's beyond all parody .
I  m sorry he did this to you .  HE PINNED IT DON . HE PINNED IT . OH THE HUMANITYHe  s gonna sell Alaska to Russia to buy the 2024 election ! OMG !
It  s not a huge problem . Agreed , but if you want to control free speech you act like it's a huge problem .In Dustins world Steve O wouldn  t be a thing .
A question many of you have wanted posed directly to Brewers principal owner Mark Attanasio in light of player payroll : Did the team operate at a loss last season ? Yes , he says . Brewers principal owner Mark Attanasio says publicly for the first time that the Brewers took a loss financially in 2019 .what a wonderful baseball fan ! ! He  s willing to lose money & jeopardize his family future ... just so Brewer fans can have a team to cheer for . what a guy . #tic
Yeah because standing for nonviolence is just soooo aggravating , right ?  As if you  re coming at me for having opinions . I  m allowed to dislike what I dislike . Get out .But it's ok that you're coming for Phoenix for having an opinion . Get out
I live in rural Alberta & voted UCP . I support nothing you are doing to health care which you did not campaign on . I no longer support you & will not vote UCP again . Just bought my NDP membership . Am planning my donations to support moving forward No Mike , there was plenty of info of what the UCP was going to do .. telling yourself this isn  t what you voted for is bullshit .. you like many Abtans voted a prejudice which led you to do no research as to what you had and what you replaced them with ... you were a logo voter ..And responding with recriminations and " bullshit " s to someone who is waking up and seeing the light is very constructive . HUGE EYEROLL .
Not really . I am trying to stay awake at work .  I am not typically an angry person . you certainly seemed upset that Cornell is ranked above North Dakota in a pollthe ranking is irrelevant . PWR on selection Sunday is all that matters .
This woman doesn  t know I  m sat in car park with 2 hours to kill Omfg . She also has absolutely zero reading comprehensionReally ? ... I think your arrogance is misplaced and ill informed ...
We on the other hand have abolished competition , everyone who meets the minimum requirements gets to go . Competition is hurtful and unfair . Rubbish . There are way more applicants than places , so only the best are accepted .Your filters are on the fritz
As much fun as it may be to dunk on Iowa , remember the real victims are the campaign staff and volunteers who just poured months of blood , sweat , and tears into something they believed in , only to have it go fakakta for no fault of their own . Another victory for cynicism . maybe it  s time to question the wisdom of the caucus systemRight they will abandon that along with all the money that pours into the state because of it .
Shrewsbury manager Sam Ricketts :  I remember one [ VAR decision ] here when Van Dijk handballed on the half-way line and that was okay .  No , Sam , you don  t remember correctly . The ball very CLEARLY doesn  t touch his arm . Get over the fact your side lost . God Liverpool fans want a standing ovation everytime they win . You beat Shrewsbury well donecheers Nick glad you're not a sheep mate and you make decisions for yourself and don't look at social media propaganda you should be proud of yourself well done well done #YNWA #Unbearables #patronising
Interesting how dude apologized for folks attacking people in his name yet denied they were his followers . Said it  s just how twitter is . But it  s just HIS followers and Tang  s followers that do it . If it  s a quirk of twitter , why doesn  t every campaign have folks THAT hateful ? Yep , no other campaign's fans are as ... rudely fanatical . You can criticize any of the others , and their people will even concede you have a point but say their person is the best choice . I've had 1 reasonable discussion w / a BS person . Exactly 1 .I  ve had zero . Exactly zero . It always ends with their freak out and my block . But I  m sure they are rea Bernie supporters . It  s just a quirk if twitter .
Up to and until it affects others . Oh no . Someone somewhere said something that allowed you to justify your intolerance .Oh no someone said something that allowed you to show your intolerance whilst protesting their intolerance
No sweetie . Read the response about my friend  s paws and go back to silence mode . Well , sweetie , if you'd read the rest of the responses you would have seen this was all straightened out . Good bye .Oh goodie , the person who didn  t read up on the facts and didn  t delete her rude tweet once she did is trying to school me on defending my friend .
Man , 19 , charged in three separate gunpoint carjackings across York and Peel regions When will the day come when people get fed up and start pointing guns back ? Crime isn't going away on its own .Come on Dave ! you know sheep will likely always be sheep . You know the drill when a criminal comes a calling , submit , beg for your life and curl up on the floor .  Dammit ! I threw up in my mouth a little while typing that ..
Hey , What ever happened with  H . R . 3671  aka the  Off Fossil Fuels for a Better Future Act  ? It was an amazing bill ( I just finished reading it ) , is it going to be voted on ? Any updates ? #OFFact #Tulsi2020 #ClimateChange Why ask her ... she  ll just vote  present  or not at all .Man you're so funny . What an intelligent answer .
You're mistaking trolling for flailing . You're all SUPER invested in this trolling though , which gives me life , so I've stuck around . Anything to keep your from killing yourself , but then again you do want to starve millions and see a repeat of the Holocaust so I'm probably committing some sin by not letting you go save the world by offing yourself .Yep . You got me . I definitely just want to see a repeat of the holocaust and you are in no way being a drama queen .
They were no black gay ppl at that time bra it was existing in its original community of white ppl If we had gay black men back then we would never be the majority race in the world when black men were making babies white men were busy with sodomy .You  re winning brother , you managed to be racist and homophobic is one tweet . #winnng
They used me as their source You realize the Chinese media released it ?Lol I figured but doesn  t carry over well here in these twitter streets
Same problem here , C . V team not even answering the phone to report the fault . slowly regretting the day I moved to cloudvoice all you get is sorry . It's costing me orders but BT don't care with their millions in profitTotally agree , we have had major issues since migrating to CV in October . I have just had it confirmed to me by a Tier 2 support member that there is indeed a M . S . O within the BT CV network , even BT's phones are down
We're aware of a problem currently impacting EA and EA Help services , so you may have trouble reaching us . We're working to resolve the issue as quickly as possible and we'll keep you informed . I want a 99 TOTY Messi as compensation . Send it to JackCameron 2011 PS4 account please - My son will be over the moon . I  ve just pinky promised him this compensation . Please don  t make me a bad father ! #eahelp #fifa20 #FUT20Someone has taken my comment seriously and went to with it  . I don  t understand people who don  t understand sarcasm . He even blurred out my Michael Myers mask to keep my anonymity  #choosingbeggars #reddit #literal
If I have learned anything from the usual press gallery members who have not spoken a word about attacks on press freedoms by RCMP in the Wet  suwet  en Yintah , media exclusion zones are a totally acceptable practice in a free and democratic Canadian society . Which is fine , except then they should have to explain what the safety * concern * is . And honestly , we put reporters in freakin ' WAR ZONES . Are they saying unarmed protesters are more dangerous than Iraq right now ?Sorry dude ... that was that you hear so much about .
I'm enjoying the last bit of fireplace season before it's spring again in Texas . That  s a nice fireplace when all the Fiat money becomes worthless you  ll be able to burn it to keep warmWhen you  re from Philadelphia you  re always an optimist
Tony is right . need to put on a third extra buses than routes require in an attempt to stick to their schedule , and they still fail.Why ? ... Traffic . Hence the need for #ConnectingOxford Also this ... why the hell do we allow on-street parking on a main arterial route ? This causes delays even when the roads are quiet . Urban clearways or red routes on every road served by buses would do wonders for timetable reliability .D'uh ! Because every shop there has a business model that fully depends on each and every customer driving there and parking their own private car . The businesses would all fail if customers had to walk more than 5 metres from where they had parked .
This lovely lady too did you get my message during your election I am interfering . Have no fear , their new Sinn Fein / Fianna Fail government is going to make multiculturalism work , LOL .It's sounds as tho you really really don't want multiculturalism to work , what's wrong ? Don't you want to bring the nationalist and unionist communities in NI closer together ?
FACT : launched in 2019 to support states and cities in their efforts to get rid of flavored e-cigarettes . Since then , places like Massachusetts , New Jersey , and New York City have done exactly that . And they will inspire others to do the same . We must ensure that we don  t lose another generation of kids to nicotine addiction . We will continue to stand proudly with communities across the country that are leading this fight .I don't remember any particular generation being " lost to nicotine addiction " . I remember the AIDS crisis , and the opioid epidemic , but nicotine addiction ... not ringing any bells . Must have been some cover-up . Thanks for bringing it to my attention .
City police just left , I guess the four RCMP cruisers have things covered The Unifor members in the Alberta-plated Durango just got back , Tim  s in hand , so breakfast was on the mind . But why weren  t they supporting a local coffee shop ... just kiddingWonder where they get their fuel from for that timmies run .
Are there any seats available for that night ? Yes ! You can purchase tickets here -Sorry I should have used a hashtag like or #whenwasthelastsellout I would love to be there but it is not in the cards . Congrats Bobby Lou though !
More of this and inject it into my veins please ! I think the team has plenty more in store .I especially loved it when he violated the 4th amendment rights of young black men in NYC ! #stopandfrisk #BloombergIsRepublican #BloombergIsARacist
I don't have a 9 - year-old , but you tried , dear . E for Effort . Also , Antifa ... ? Um , no . I'm a real person .    Wow ... your really are dence . I know you don't have a 9 year old . You should try talking to real people every now and then .When you try to call someone stupid but can't actually spell the synonym you use . #Dense
It is my opinion , based on the law and facts , that additional testimony is unnecessary in this case . For the sake of argument , one could assume everything attributable to John Bolton is accurate and still the House case would fall well below the standards to remove a president from office .Considering bribery was explicitly enumerated as an impeachable offense in the constitution , I  m sure the framers would absolutely agree that this falls  well below  the standards for removal .
so I skipped the doubling up . Mainly because I am on the highest dose anyway . So in true Tracie fashion , I leapt before I looked . I didn't care what it cost , $ $ or mentally . As a result , everyone suffered . Not just me . But , I think I am trough the storm . I am back to sarcasm and cussing . ( Not that you probably noticed ) I don't even have a sinus headache today . I am still consulting a doctor though for all things considered . As my 101 yr old grandmother would say , " Onward and upward ! "Wow ... that  s a full day ! ! ! the day isn  t over yet
You win  Rashford being fed by Fernandes  rashford  s has been injured for the past month and is expected to come back in around 2 months ... someone doesn  t watch much footballI'm literally a united fan Mr Smith
A2 : I feel that the cultural costs of slack is teacher resentment . When some teachers are growing all the time to benefit their students and some just do what is expected , resentment sets in when those that " slack " are not held accountable . #leadupchat Nothing worse than being on a team where you are told to  slow down  because you are making others  look bad .  It  s happened to me and it is infuriating ! I work hard to celebrate the good in education . This is a chronic issue that must be addressed . #leadupchatI could not agree more . My wife is a principal and we were literally having a conversation about her schools PD yesterday before this chat started . Teachers were frustrated that many Ts were NOT doing anything when others were .
I am sure you really do care . Bless your heart . Out of of the two of us , I  m the only one not making the case for rich white celebs treating felony arrest like a joke . Have any more math or reading jokes for the poor and uneducated ( people targeted for arrest the most ) , Wajahat ?And this is the " genius " who went on to make fun of how stupid and his supporters are . #NoSelfAwareness
Protestant denominations struggle ( among other things ) with reformation-envy , with the desire to find modernists / liberals within the church to purge . Some don't feel safe unless they can point to the liberals who need to be removed . That's a valid consideration . Fighting for a cause provides a ton of meaning in a world desperate for purpose . Couldn't the same be said of modern social justice advocates ? Couldn't CRM-envy be producing a desire to find systemic racism where none exists ?... And if be willing to bet , in your " system " where " no racism " is embedded , NO BLACK PEOPLE RESIDE , EITHER . #Ignorance
Does anyone know what they are spraying on those people ? Seems it won't prevent them from coughing ? #coronavirus #Coronovirusoutbreak Its Something for Desinfection . Of course it wont stop you coughing ! What did you expect ?I was being sarcastic as Person-to-person spread is thought to occur mainly via respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes
What about a bear with a gun ? Good point . Thanks for pointing out a flaw in my defensive plan . I will address that promptly .You guys just don't get it . Have you not been listening to the anti gun groups ? Bears and intruders aren't there to hurt you and you can always just yell really loud for help then just sit and wait patiently .
And here was me thinking it was those extreme Christians again . There  s no link between the IRA and Christianity but you go ahead and generalise an entire terrorist group as Christians but we do the same with Islamic terrorists and suddenly we  re labelled Islamophobic / Xenophobic / Racist ? The double standard here is amazing , please continue .I'm pointing out the double standard and you complain about the double standard .
Remember : our " crazy idea " of universal health care is a reality in : Australia Austria Belgium Canada Chile Czech Rep . Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Israel Italy Japan Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal S . Korea Spain Sweden Switz . Turkey U . K . germany isn't communist i should know cause i live thereI'm assuming you missed his wink at the end
CNN  s will lead the show . , chief politics reporter for the Register , and , president of the Iowa-based polling firm Selzer & Co . , which conducts the #IowaPoll , will also participate . Here's how to watch live . The Des Moines Register , CNN and Selzer & Co . have made the decision to not release the final installment of the CNN / Des Moines Register / Mediacom poll as planned this evening . A note from our editor :Gee , I wonder what the REAL reason is . We know why .
I'd love if Bernie Sanders became President , but as with Jeremy Corbyn in the UK , the establishment machine , both democrat and republican , will attack him in any way they can . Bernie is a significantly better candidate than Corbyn .Yeah , well Bernie-hating opponents have accused him of being anti-semitic , so he must be a racist
They  re already not allowed , it  s called the constitution . Congress creates a Bill and the Executive signs it into law . Regulations from unelected bureaucrats are illegitimate , as is most of this government ! Tell Obama that . Throughout his presidency , he consistently went around Congress and did whatever the hell he wanted to do .Thanks for that , I would have never known .
Stand up for the majority ... You do know that there was a GENERAL ALECTION recently , and the MAJORITY voted for SNP ... The majority you say ? You only got 45 % of those who voted . Christ , you could barely get over 30 % of the electorateAye & yet they still lost to The SNP really badly , fucking Muppets . Now their trying to tell SNP they don't have a majority when they do , fucking is hilarious . If they have a problem about the voting system them change it , campaign for change so that it's easier to vote .
A poll was done in the US where 16 % of Americans thought chocolate milk came from ... BROWN COWS ! #mathishard #stupidityisforever Another 20 % think the world is flat .Well if it wasn't flat I wouldn't be able to store my maple syrup & crown Royal near the edge . Just sayin ... Monday .
Not since Rolf Harris has an Aussie been so unworthy of an OAM You take that bout poor Rolf , he is a fine gentlemen , have you considered Rolfs point of view ?Rolf was such a great musician and painter , right ? Mustn't let anything overshadow that . ( )
How do you pronounce that word in American ?  sort of like gongouzo . i think . my greek is terrible .You should ask Steven Anderson ( the IFB guy that  stalks  and ) . I hear he knows how to speak greek .
But debbie lives here because of its comparatively low tax rates . Who is Debbie ? Note the capital at the start of a name too you thick imbecile .The pet name of Deborah and the lower case ' d ' were quite deliberate . I am sure she won't lose any sleep over it . What's your concern you incredibly polite and sensible young man ?
You  d think at least Dominic fucking Cummings would be happy but no Toxic combination : unelected + unaccountable + not very approachableLike our old partners of the last 47 years .
Not offensive in the slightest , the way you use it it's loaded with dogwhistles which I have issues with , but on a basic level it's fine . Given the same dictionary describes trans women as women are you offended ? I honestly find it hilarious that you think this definition is like a cross to a vampire to us , it's you're bigotry that's offensive not the dictionary ." bigotry " ... right ... and yet , you're the one misgendering ppl in this thread . Dictionary definitions are ONLY offensive if used by non-trans persons are using them . Totally #logical . #catch22
My kids get education in premier Govt institutions at Rs 2lakh per year which cost 30 - 50 lakh per year anywhere in the world I avail of various amenities & a comfortable life in India Shd I cribe for few thousand tax money I pay ? Can't we see it as contribution for our nation ? Please specify secondary education college or post graduation course also which premier govt institution provides education at 2 lakhs which costs 30 to 50 lakhs abroad and the specific course ? ? ?Omg how unpatriotic are you for asking such a question . When we tell you this gov is great , don't ask for specific answers
So , I have issues keeping my shirts tucked in thanks to my girls up top ( pulls out the tail of my shirts ) . As a response to this , I have procured thigh garters . These things are ridiculous , & yet somehow legitimately work like they  re supposed to . So yea , here  s a humorous photo . And suddenly .. just like that . I have #DaddyIssues but ima bout to get the subscription to this #DaddyThe is that the lady in the GIF kinda looks like your #babe aka #SorcerousSupreme to me .. at least I think she does . #ICouldBeWrong
Do you keep hearing about virtual production and want to know more ? has a bunch of talks on the subject , including from , and I keep hearing about it , but why is every photo of this technology always highlighting this motorcycle ?Without that cycle the whole thing breaks apart . Its an amazing piece of tech but relying on that is it  s only downside . Baby steps I guess . At least it  s a mobile solution
Hey how is this great news ? We used to get a free beverage after 60 gallons & now you upped it to 80 . Why belittle the IQ of your customers ? Hello Tim . We are committed to providing you with great value with SmartPay . To ensure we can continue to offer great savings , the free drink threshold will change to 80 gallons beginning 02/20 / 20 . Thanks for your participation .Wow . That  s a great perk . Just buy 80 gallons of gas to get a free drink that costs pennies ! Sign me up please !
Remember the time Chester threw his guitar on stage and it almost hit Mike ? Maybe he was trying to kill him for all the years of bullying ...  What ? Are you kidding or are you serious ?I was gonna put to it , but I felt it's obvious  sorry if that came out wrong ofc I'm just kidding
We may have a smaller fan base and smaller budget but no club in Scottish football deserves to be cheated like Accies did . A yellow card for this challenge then the same player ( Griffiths ) goes on to get our player sent off 5 mins after when we go 1-0 up . Shocking guessing Celtic players are allowed to do as they please . Poor refereeing showed that he is spineless . Money on if that had been a Hamilton player it was a red card all day long .You have a rangers player punching a celtic player who didn  t get booked fir it in yer profile pic ffs
I bet the people who stand up on planes as soon as it lands are the same people who put milk in a bowl before their cereal ! I  ll take landing standers over gate crowders when their group is nowhere near being called .But Joey I'm group 8 and they just called First Class . If I wait they will give away my luggage space
BTW I'd suggest well over 90 % of the proposed code text and zoning map is unchanged since early October . So I , for one , have had plenty of time to vet and consider what was before #ATXCouncil at 2nd Reading . #ATXLDC I have also heard been ' lobbied ' on #ATXLDC by way more non-profit , community advocacy , and neighborhood groups than corporate lobbyists . I suspect the same is true for others .It  s only been nine months since staff received policy direction . Why are we railroading this through ?
Jokes on them , I can do really dumb stuff with Python . I can make Excel do things that make programmers nervousI used VBA for excel to make the 3270 emulator do the things the actual mainframe programmers couldn't even understand . That was a decade ago , now I'm a COBOL developer
In retrospect , it seems impossible to overstate the cultural damage done by SOUTH PARK , the show that portrayed earnestness as the only sin and taught that mockery is the ultimate inoculation against all criticism At least you never get in the gutter ...Equating sporadic parody and bawdry humor on one's Twitter profile to a decade's-long popular cartoon that's had an ENORMOUS cultural influence ? Yeah , I guess that's right .
I  m just going to sit back and let you keep tweeting . I  m thoroughly enjoying myself . Typical libtard . You know absolutely nothing about politics do you . You are an idiotYes , you clearly have superior intelligence . Please keep dropping your knowledge on me .
$ 9 for a hot pretzel ? ! ! That  s what we paid for a ticket to the game . #Sabres In Edmonton your pay 100 bucks to get in . Beer is 14 bucks ...So like $ 20 to get in , and free beer in the states ?
Wow that looks incredible , gutted I'm not in London today with my Camera  Glad it doesn't look like that actually . I don't think I would have enough saliva to spit on all those flags . Pitiful little isolationist and xenophobic country we have become .Why be trapped inside the EU when there's the whole world to trade with . Do you have an issue with non Europeans ?
Writers : We need an actress . Zoe : oké . Writers : Great storyline . Zoe : I  m pregnant . Writers : Starts writing unrealistic . Me : This is RIDICULOUS ! Yeah , not all sold on ZV's pregnancy being a major issue . Her contract was only 5-6 months , reportedly . I think H & A might normally just be this bad lol .I  m sure the network invested money into genetic manipulation to get Zoe back as a straight woman .
Thanks Mr . Obvious . Xenophobia has played a massive role in Brexit . Same time , Xenophobia is used as a tool by US anti-Europeanists since the US is ` more diverse society ` ( - ghetto society IMHO ) . Anyway , there will be benefits for the EU in 40 years from those 2 mill invitees . Guarding the borders is not xenofobic , it the duty of the state . You are terribly misguided about this . Homo sapiens is a nasty primate and mixing groups has not gone particularly well 100 % of the time , to put it mildly .` terribly misguided about this ` No ! I ` m bloody not , since I know Tower of Babel narrative !
Taking advantage of the fact most of their viewers didn  t actually hear the senate Q and A , CNN , MSNBC and some other media willfully distorted my answers . More to Come They characterized my argument as if I had said that if a president believes that his re-election was in the national interest , he can do anything . I said nothing like that , as anyone who actually heard what I said can attest .Perhaps your intellect would be better used at choosing your #RetirementHome ... perhaps a #memoryCare facility because the IS in fact exactly what you said . Read it back to yourself / listen to the tapes ( there  s a familiar tune )
To everyone who doesn  t understand anything about dog shows : Just because one breed is more popular than another , doesn  t mean that they should automatically win . All of the dogs in that lineup last night were absolutely stunning . Respect the judge  s decision . #DanielWasRobbed Oh for pete's sake , it was a lighthearted tweet .Dog shows are disgusting . These dogs are parades around like K9 sex symbols then are exploited for their reproductive parts , eggs & seamen collected abd sold or these dogs are bred against their choice and their offspring sold to the highest bidder . THIS IS K9 SLAVERY
I  m Not Sure Why I Wasn  t A Consultant on that Commercial .  Better yet ! why was I not in it... if all of u would have been included in this ad , there wouldn  t have been any open parking spots
#Warren has been served with receipt after receipt of the ugliness of her followers and surrogates and staff on twitter today . Anybody think or will cover this ? I keep tweeting them this . Pass it on . Collection of the ugliest tweets ever . Keepin ' It Clean - an archive project by - Google PhotosThe lovely " liberal " centrists . I'm sure msnbc will do a special on this Brown shirts seem to be the neolibs not so-called Bernie Bros .
Ohh ! ! That was totally invisible . Should have written it better It was better . That is why it is called Sarcasm . Don't you think ?I don't think so . May be I am wrong . I will work on my ' understanding the sarcasm ' skills
But this presser was about much more than #UCF's 2020 class . Heupel was asked about the progress that McKenzie Milton has made in his recovery . " I don't think any of us can appreciate how far he actually has come and the mental toughness it takes . " Anyone else concerned about heupels recruiting last two years ?Yeah , I hate coaches who lose three seniors and a junior at the defensive tackle position and still have a team among top in the nation in TFLs .
Too arrogant to get it sorted when he became aware of the issue . He should have checked before he even stood for ParliamentYou  re kidding - he  s a liberal . They rule !
Boy Scouts file for bankruptcy protection due to sex-abuse lawsuits Let us be honest here . It isn't just because of the sex abuse lawsuits . It is because they became woke and started letting girls in and now their numbers are a fraction of what they used to be , so no revenue coming in to fight the lawsuits .Yep , Boy Scouts started letting girls in on Feb 1st 2019 . 11 months later they are bankrupt .
Mayor Pete  s Iowa app was changing votes . That is election fraud . Clear and simple . CNN : Who  s going to jail for this ? ? I  ve heard bullshit tantrums about Russia for 4 years when it  s been these HRC nuggets subverting democracy the whole time .But it's just a co-incidence that the Dem party dropped the app it's used several times for the one developed by HC people Yeah sick of Russia bullshit . HC interfered in 2016 . Question is she still at it ? To be determined .
Was thinking about your experience , and then my son  s experience ( long before you ): for whom it could be said chapel was an exercise in groupthink I suppose it contributed to helping him move away from Jesus for a season of lifeI'm concerned that the student ( s ) involved in the most recent incident are being coached by a national movement - civil disobedience and free speech .
Sounds like my wife . It's funny , sometimes people think she must be abused by me given my political views . Meanwhile I'm doing dishes , cleaning the bathroom , and cooking dinner as she picks what we do that night .  Haven  t you heard ? The whole Ascol family is FV .  Actually , my wife would prefer the SJ video . I love my wife !Oh , I know . I was at the Founders Southeast Conference . Soooo FV !
I did it with 4   in my 20  s but granted I had full time live in help , just like Jen .     Really ? ! ? Ya  ll are bragging about live ins ? ? I would be Embarrassed ! !isn  t bragging . She is making a point that Jennifer has paid assistance .
The New York Times launched the #1619project , a collection of essays , criticism and art about how the America that we know today didn't start in 1776 - - it started in August 1619 , when a ship carrying enslaved Africans landed in Virginia . This is such a great series and I appreciate all the racists replying to this tweet so I can easily figure out who to block .This is such a great comment from a White Liberal Savior , who , since I am obviously incapable of being offended , stands in the gap and gets offended for me ! What would I ever do without you ?
Why does it bother you so much ? Every time I click on something that is trending , Philip Nolan is sure to have an opinion and I could predict exactly what it'll be like .Do you not see the in this statement ? You  re like the lad who says  yer man is an alcoholic , he  s in the pub every time I am .
The fact that Remainers have jumped all over a tweet by #Colin , makes me think they haven  t seen this yet  You should probably take that up with #Colin .Why ? I  m enjoying all the  told you so  messages from people that don  t realise the UK isn  t part of Schengen , or that Schiphol has no plans to change procedures because of Brexit  #Colin
( He was fine out there , it  s batting practice . He  s just an easy target for the team  s jokesters . ) No one was laughing at Franmil Reyes at the plate , though . Home run after home run after home run during batting practice .Oh great ... so now our pitchers stink ! ! ! #ugh
Ok , a hint for new doctors . The consultants work here long term as do the nursing staff , allied health , admin , maintenance ... Don't be trying that game where you smile sweetly to the bosses and pull rank on everyone else . The bosses WILL find out .  #OperateWithRespect Luckily it  s unheard of for consultants to pull rank on other healthcare workers .I note the  . And we are working hard on that aspect too , via #OperateWithRespect Good bosses will insist on respectful communication at * all * levels -
Don  t start kissing his ass now . Dude he made a comment on something . Colin knows he's been critical of Baker for certain things and when Baker starts to do things opposite to that criticism Colin correctly points it out . It's called being a rational human being .This is twitter , there are no rational human beings here .
Right now at our nation  s Capitol . Minutes after the Senate voted for the biggest coverup in history . Thousands are chanting SHAME at the Senators who voted against witnesses , against documents , against a real trial . #SHAME Grief today . Tomorrow we continue our fight . We should never give up fighting for our democracy . Our children are depending on us .  WE SHALL OVERCOME  - MLKFighting for " Democracy " by overthrowing the duly elected President ?
I see the expired feline Pictland-Hibernia bridge is back again . It's like it's new . I have the Luke Livingston Macassey costings from 1890 in a drawer somewhere . The notion outlives all english prime ministers and the current one is no different . Wouldn't it be great if by some miracle the bridge is built by the English just in time for the Irish reunification and Scottish independence .It could be the best piece of infrastructure in the EU , linking 2 EU Nations together , paid for by a 3rd World Country who hates the EU .
Your meme game is bang average xxx oh and you think youre the first to point out what a silly meme it is ? " You are special . You are beautiful and unique snowflake . You're not the same decaying organic matter as everything else . " Chuck Palahniuk , almost  i do understand , having to face up to the reality that your views have not won in 3 elections and 1 referendum that it can be quite disappointing .of it well at least you weren't kicked out this time      British empire the sun never set 1 of these days you will be able to cross it on a bicycle
I did assume that was also the mindset . Because no woman who works outside the home can e godly . Right ? Women with careers are letting Satan winLol . I feel its necessary to
I said that the 3rd was often the reality of politics and that helping one's own re-election efforts cannot  by itself  necessarily be deemed corrupt . Keep digging . But you  re going to throw your back out .Says the sports reporter covering men who play games with inflatable balls to the internationally renown Harvard Constitutional law professor .
Yeah . They barely beat VCU . Take em down a couple ranks ! Winning on the road is a plus for any ranked team . You don  t drop in your ranking just cuz you  re in a close game . VCU is no slouch . You are either a VCU fan , or you just don  t care for UD . And don  t forget only 2 losses were on neutral court and in overtime .Class of 93 . Go flyers . I forgot on the previous post .
I asked simply to clarify his reasoning on a hypothetical  right to return to Israel  for Palestinian Arabs and their descendents . And a good thing I did ! Here is his clarification : this is code for : Soros ' Deep State minions sat me down , reprimanded me for going off book , and told me what I'm supposed to say going forward . way to get your boy back in line , E !Soros , that great champion of Israel and borders .
Perhaps you  d prefer to discuss whether a transition is even required ? How  s your science background ? Talk to my PhD friend Ned . Ah right , you're an climate change denier . Am shocked .  Ok that's enough from you ye clownHA Twooty the science denier decides that somebody else's entire worldview is invalid because of science denial .
You said it when consumed ? So why not punish the consumers ... like you . Carbon tax on everything consumed food , cloths , iPhones , bandwidth everything . I couldn  t agree with you more , the more consumers are made aware of their carbon footprint by putting areal cost on it the sooner they will do something to lessen it . I personally have reduced my own to the point that tripling my carbon tax would have minimal effectGood for you Terry I can  t wait for food to double and triple in cost . It will be a much better planet . Survival of the fittest eh Terry  Once we make food real expensive we can have a large percentage of the population starve and less people mean less Carbon  .
In fairness to we should openly acknowledge the fact that 100 % of people taking pharmaceuticals will eventually die from things . Right ? Stop delaying the inevitable , just close all the hospitals now .Nice use of . I gotta start doing that .
People appear to be clumsily hitting the Yorkshire option when they obviously meant to vote Devon ;-) Poor old Cornwall getting a bum steer here ( although I guess they're a separate country , right ? )I'm suprised they didn't include Scotland in that ...
This is ridiculous #trackpass not working after 3 corners of the new season . I expect to be receiving a refund if I miss the entire clash because your shit service doesn  t work #nascar #nascartrackpass No sir . #TrackPass is the replacement of FansChoiceTV . The replacement for RaceView is the new NASCAR App .My point was that they couldn't get #RaceView to work either
In chairing NSW upper house Education Committee , I have been thru scores of govt School Plans ( key directional document ) and only once found a school aiming at " Achieving Academic Growth " ! ! Most want " engaged learners " etc . It's incredible - they are not really schools anymore . Academic excellence died a long time ago It  s all about conformity and everyone brought down to the lowest commons denominator . That is what the left does . In Qld the term pedagogical framework is used to embed mediocrity as it destroys Individuality & creativity of teachersOur schools need to teach our kids how to be the best  influencers  and to be self entitled and it  s all about me . The 3r  s and academic excellence is so outdated . Our future is in great hands .
Liking but also feeling convicted about all the times I  ve done this . :) No forgiveness until you come visit me in Germany . ( ignore the fact that I haven  t visited you in Florida in over ten years . )<  but see that wasn  t in an argument . It  s an invitation to hospitality ! !
He Got these gold vault putter covers in . U r the first one I thought of ... No . But I  ll buy u one if u ever get up on me on our bet ...as tight as you are greg you must have him buried .
It's important to remember that The Miami Showband did not declare war on Britain ... Britain declared war on The Miami Showband . Using ridiculous hyperbole by linking a sovereign state of 60 million people to the terrorist murder of innocent people is reckless and racist by you . I recognise your hurt but put away these sectarian dog whistlesHold your elected government to account and not the victim to whom it continues to deny justice .
Oh , they are lovely . He's so warm and open ... and funny . They're a really fun watch .  They were included in my DVD sets , and each one was such a gift !  I've seen some of them but never took the time to watch the whole thing . They've been sitting in my computer for quite a while now He vlogged before vlogging was a thing hahaHa ! He did ! For someone who claims to be a bit challenged with social media , he was light years ahead of his time with those video diaries .
rashford  s has been injured for the past month and is expected to come back in around 2 months ... someone doesn  t watch much football I'm literally a united fan Mr Smithyou clearly know nothing about football or mufc . nailed on that you  ve never been to old trafford  Mr Goodwin
There should be consequences for sanctuary states that issue driver licenses to illegal aliens or that defy federal immigration law . My bill will cut off federal funds to lawless sanctuary jurisdictions harboring criminal aliens and terrorists . Not only regular class ( c ) but also they should be consequences for states giving class A CDL and not following CFR 391.11 FMCSA wants to know what is causing more fatality's on our hwy's & destruction to our infrastructure well their it is .Right , because white American citizens are perfect drivers and never cause accidents or fatalities . #givemeabreak What are your sources ? As in plural and unbiased .
Care to screenshot that ? I'd like to see that one Sure Support a creator or artist so they can create   Charity should be for those in need sick , struggling people who are unable to provide due to extenuating circumstances ? How about children starving ? Homelessness ? Tragedy ? R ppl really taking advantage of others kindnessYeah because these people have taken a gun to the head of the people donating to make them donate Donating to something is a fucking CHOICE .
This is what America looks like   Traiters occupy the Senate and the White Housedid you forget ... literally 2 months ago its been proven that whole thing was literally made up ... but keep that up , you don't sound as crazy as Alex Jones at all
Unfortunate #niteflirt has suspended my account bc this photo contains nudity . Not the first time feeling bullied by this company . Be sure and check out all the disgusting obese chics though . As well as the women / men using completely fake accounts . Find me on #camsoda dab_goddess What in the world does another flirt's weight have to do with you getting called out by niteflirtYou're right . There are more disgusting things than obese women on NF . I love how people stand for injustice and make up excuses to avoid the real issues .
Joining late ... IMO , publishing , blogging , tweeting : its all about contributing to community conversations . If u have something valuable to say , it will impact the conversation and people will value u for it , regardless of citations or impact factors . #MedEdChat How can we get promotions committees to rethink some of this ? #mededchatYes of course you can . But probably need to do this by publishing papers .. lol . Check out the work by et al et al And group : Turn into white paper for P & T cmte !
With respect , there were some factual problems in your letter . It referred to a closed Town Hall , a closed police station , no library , no adult education and no tourist information service . All of these services are alive and well . You , in turn , are misquoting what I said . I was comparing current facilities to those of the past . Knee jerk defensiveness - deriving from partisan political views - inhibits progress .Matt would never misquote or take something out of context .
Well fuck the Tithe Barn in Brockworth then .  Inappropriate in modern society  . Why , which period of history are you living in ?Well , it can  t have been a woman that made the decision because she would be barefoot , pregnant and in the kitchen .
Has been almost no rain in Sydney  s East since about 5.30 am this morning  There is a gap between third slip and gully there with no rain that the SCG could slide into this eveningAre you saying the bushfire relief match will be called off for rain ? !
Israel drawing up map for West Bank annexations : Netanyahu Take as much land as necessary ...So , you're back in 1820 and 1880 . " Take as much land as you can , the Natives don't need it and we give a shit on them . Put them into reservation * . All's good . " * reservation : Guantanamo or comparable . I think Trump finds a solution . e . g . : Cages will do the trick too .
I--I don't even know where to begin but there's no reason this book should have 3.5 stars on Amazon #submission ( JOURNEY TO THE YEAR ONE BILLION , Gary Martin ) Wait , we're using eggplants to describe breasts now ? I thought it was used to describe a male part ... But now that I say that , why the hell are we using vegetables to describe body parts ? !Would you rather be compared to pieces of meat ? Wait a minute . Nevermind . People already do that .
Thanks for the shout out David ! It's awesome that reaches out to historians that bring real expertiseSadly , a Three Year Old Is Likely to Have a Better Understanding of History than Those Three Pompous , Reactionary Gasbags #GOP #PartyOfLincoln #Democrats
Am I living in a timeloop ?  .. No Did I  so everyone who recently created a Twitter account is a fake ?Wait your response should have been " Am I living in a timeloop ?  .. No "
It helps me to remember how much time in an institution is wasted . Then I feel less like I'm in over my head . Plus , my husband and I are educators . So I'm getting giddy about running the show  I had to send the superintendent of whichever school district we were in at the time all sorts of paperwork , including a record of hours spent in instruction . We had to do the same amount of time as a public school , but every minute we spent was on instruction .Some parents get creative with the record sheet , such as counting trips to the grocery store as instruction ( which it totally can be ) or taking a walk outside ( physical instruction ) . Don't forget recess . ( but not really ) Thankfully our state doesn't require it .
United States seasonal flu fatality rates around 0.1 percent . Current fatality rate for the coronavirus is 2.3 percent . 2019/2020 Flu Season Current Flu cases - 13 million Current Deaths - 14,000 2.3 % of 13 million = 299,000 deaths The #coronavirus is nothing like the flu . And that  s the CCP reported cases ...Yes , and we know how trustworthy they are !
Some times I think they just do it for getting up there so much like Demand Expressions . Who could possibly argue that Picard is failing when we force the people who doesn't like it to talk about it . If that's the goal , they are not very good in achieving it . We're talking more about Drekkie bigotry , fake accounts and the idiocy if the actors than about STD or STP .Well they can always pay us for this proper and successful marketing work .
Hmmm I'm trying to figure out when & what year was Jericho ever a draw ? ! In the Mid card in WCW jobbing out to Goldberg ? Being an after thought as Undisputed champion ? Holding the record for most mid card titles in the WWE ? Wrestling William Regal at Wrestlemania ? LMAO How about the decades of tours with Fozzy , the best selling auto biographies , the fact he is still a relevant wrestler four decade after debuting . He has drawn more consistently at a high level than Hogan ever did . Jericho didn't have to rely on others to carry him eitherWe talking about Jericho the WRESTLER not the singer ! Drawing more than Hogan consistently you have no proof of that , Hogan Vs Rock Wrestlemania craps on anything Jericho ever did , and even in TNA when Hogan was there it out drew AEW's current numbers !
I don  t think that  s you . It  s just hard in general and we  re too often trained and primed to be adversarial rather than apply the principle of charity which leads us to tend to presume the worst when there is ambiguity And I  m pretty sure Ryan knows my stance already so I just assumed everyone else would . It  s ok . I like the idea people defending such a statement as if it was posted in earnest .I use the or #snark hashtag to help alleviate confusion .
This looks like posturing for the Post BCA ( FY22 ) world . Perhaps a funding re-balance is what they may be gunning for next year . I mean yeah , more money , either in service or through outside funding would obviously solve that problem . I just wonder whether that is really forthcoming . If not , something's gotta give .Well they can ask cities to sponsor like in Russia
So much " random " checks for me I'm really starting to believe that those random checks aren't so random . I wonder if they have gotten worse since 2016 .If it's not me , it's my wife . I guess the logic is we terrorist together . It keeps our marriage together . #jokes
How about Benidorm ? * ducks and runs * * stops running for a sec * It's full of English people though ? * runs again *Pretty much . Full of brexiteers most likely
No , of course not , and I wouldn't want him to do so . As long as the SNP don't get a majority , I'll settle for that . We need the SNP out of power , and somebody decent to run Scotland , we  ll never thrive whilst the Nationalists have controlYayyyy ... Let's return to a Labour run Country ( because the Tories won't have a chance in Scotland ) ... It was wonderful ... You don't know , or understand just how lucky you are Anne ! ! !
LOL . This is hilarious . That lineup is awful , save a couple of people . Any event with Evan McMullin is exactly what you think it isWhy do you hate principled conservativism ?
According to Trading Economics , the GDP per capita for the UK in 2018 was 42986 . This is not specified nominal or real and , if real , the normalization base . But using that number as is , the UK ranked with US states would come at 43rd , just ahead of Maine and just below Florida . thanks , I knew it was bunk .? ? ? It met the standard of presidential communication .
Lol Stefan getting ratio'd by his fans on this one hahahaha It's a video of him explaining by eugenics is bad .Lookit all the knuckledraggers claiming they're superior
You can scream that lie from the rooftops as much as you'd like , but it doesn't change the fact that our economy sucks and most people are barely able to make ends meet . Just read the Wall Street Journal . What I said is true .Because when I want an unbiased opinion on the economy , the wall Street journal is the place to go , right ?  Try volunteering at your local food bank for a month .
Getting hassled at my dealer for a recall . Is it just me or does that say rental on Honda for the day ? As a first step we'd recommend discussing your concerns with the Service Manager at the dealership . ^ CVWe will see if they call . Thanks for the support .
But read his tweet he mentioned Brexit so go figure his point        What makes you think that as non of his other posts have any hint of satireI'm pretty sure I can totally assign some feeling to this that aligns with my point ... ( )
In defence of Shylock . A beautiful speech , of the time , relevant to 1600s Venice , from a soul like any other . Incredibly still relevant today . In defense of Shakespeare , he could not have known the Nazis would use The Merchant of Venice for propaganda ." Shakespeare does not question Shylock's intentions , but that the very people who berated Shylock for being dishonest have resorted to trickery in order to win . "
Woah . this escalated quickly . Also - what is actually happening ? ? we made a ridiculous post today and we  re just marveling at the one guy who didnt get the jokeI sincerely apologize to all involved as I somehow made a 1 - hit wonder band from the 90 ' s relevant for a 48 - hour period . I will do better in the future at ensuring is understood from the start .
Ban islam , it promotes terrorism and lustful men like u . All problems solved . U get sarcasm right ? , this issue is being blown out of proportion , this lady is jobless I think , she might need a job .So by banning bikini she will get a job ?
i think we need to do more than that tbh I agree , but Thailand needs to start someplace . Sadly , giving gifts to the 20 millionth traveller just doesn't cut it anymore .Yeah . What happened to pushing MICE ? Need to jump back onto that . Sure that  s a winner right now . Honestly , cleaning up the environment , making it more accessible for older travelers and making the place safe would be a start for me .
3 . Nurses think you  re deaf and / or asleep if you have your eyes closed and will say absolutely anything 4 . Nurses have a lot of drama going on at home 5 . Hospitals can make any food flavorless no matter what it is - even chorizo ... tbc 6 . When mistaken orders for tests are discovered no doctor is EVER to blame - the order was placed by a mysterious phantom doctor who doesn  t exist in this universe7 . When you get sick while staying in the hospital with your sick family member you need to leave the hospital to get seen by a medical professional , diagnosed and given meds . That is not available IN the hospital
People are rightly criticizing trump for abusing prayer breakfast and mocking faith ... but he is showing his true self ... he doesn  t respect faith . faith in God is not his motivation . He has faith in whatever works for him and we have never seen evidence of any greater devotion Unlike you , your brother & , he believes in the sanctity of human life . That  s all I need to know . Too many phony Catholics / Christians out there with no spine .Single-platform voter , eh ? Guess you can ignore every other thing he's done because he is signed up with the evangelicals . Mighty Christian of you lol
You , all right ? I learned it from watching you !  #DontDoPons  So the GOP has determined that Menstruation is Left Wing Plot against them ! I'm sure they have told their Wives to Stop It !Just hold it in like pee . Jeez ! Why do we wimmenz need to use our tampons ? Just hold it in !
Also , in fairness , sarcasm is conveyed through tone when we speak . It's not always obvious in text , especially if they don't know us . I know who I am , but if somebody is seeing me on Twitter for the first time it's just an avatar and a statement ... So did I mean it , or not ? And one more ... In fairness they may have run into a thousand asshats who say whatever they want on Twitter , and then when you call them on their bullshit they claim they were just kidding and insist that you have no sense of humor and should lighten up ... ( 1 of 2 )( 2 of 2 ) So even if YOU are legitimately being sarcastic ... Sorry they ruined it for you , but they did , and you can never prove you're not one of THOSE assholes . So , please , think about adding . It keeps your message clear anyway . It's only 8 characters . ( #joke is 5 . )
HS2 is going ahead , Masonic insisted on it eh we have people using food banks , veterans living on the streets , veterans being dragged thro court , but still the fast train for 9 people must plough on ! Possibly £ 200 billion , definitely £ 135 billion , an absolute con ! But those high flying business people & entrepreneurs that are the  backbone of our economy  will get from London - Birmingham 30 minutes faster ! 30 minutes ! Now doff your cap & tug your forelock in gratitude to our betters ...Meanwhile taking an extra hour to get to and from the stations due to congestion caused by underinvestment in our transport infrastructure .
There  s talk in the EU about forcing tech companies to adopt one standard . I don  t like that idea , I quite enjoy charger rouletteLOL   .. I could make a 31/01 / 20 Brexit comment on not having to worry about standardization , but it might be too soon for that ( ? )
This is why the Bible says not to make any other human a Idol I figured someone would take that literally . Stfuyou typed it I read it and responded you did not
Sure , it  s disappointing that it  s all over for me - But barring anyone declaring that they  re actually looking for a middle aged , chubby , gap-toothed geezer ( and that  s not an oft-wanted requirement ) , I have to accept that I  m done in telly . So what to do now ? Dunno . Voiceovers ? Such a crowded market . You have to be so lucky . I  ll get thinking . But tonight , I  m gonna do some comfort eating and watch Dave Allen to cheer myself up . Many loves , Choochie Faces .It  s because you  ve obviously not got the talent , brain or creativity to come up with something as mind blowing as The Masked Singer !
Do not mistake  courtesy  for weakness . And do no mistake  diplomacy  for  ignorance  . I come in peace , and i plan to keep it that way . War is a waste of my time and resources .You give respect to earn respect . I wonder where mine went ? #JokerKing #Loner
I hope I run in to him in town . He  s retiring near me . I  ll never let him forget what he did . Lamar  s career began by helping Patriotic Tennesseans swear him in as Gov early to prevent Governor Blanton  s continuing bad behavior . #hypocrisySurely TN Governor Blanton would  think twice  before doing bad things , so why did Alexander assume his office secretly , and before the voters anticipated ? #hypocrisy
even though they  re miles apart from one another , they  re looking into the same ocean . under the same sky . until u eat them in ur burgersapple kills people charley , and ur worried about these cows providing me with nutrients
1 . The BBC produces amazing , world class content and is well worth £ 150 a year . 2 . Switching to a subscription model would be financially ruinous for the BBC . Pick one of these . They can  t both be true . The need to take a long hard look at themselves to understand why they have become so unpopular ... to the point of being hatedalong with the £ Millions they squandered on the new Eastenders set Then the of the actually reporting it's own ineptitude and incompetence
I just saw a Bernie Sanders ad where he states he wants to destroy the Republican establishment and the Democratic establishment . Yet he doesn't hesitate to take Democratic money . Why the hell would we want to destroy the Democratic establishment ? That's a hard NO for me ! Bernie Sanders is not our friend . He  s the enemy and he must be crushed in the primary . Period .Bernie Sanders sacrificed his own child on an alter in ancient Mexico ; twice to be exact .
Nintendo  s little Switch oasis at Chicago ORD . have you tried Breath of the Wild ? heard it  s pretty good ...I  m told if you played the WiiU version it  s not really worth the double dip ...
More of this and inject it into my veins please ! I think the team has plenty more in store .I especially loved it when he violated the 4th amendment rights of young black men in NYC ! #stopandfrisk #BloombergIsRepublican #BloombergIsARacist
For corporate manufacturers , an opioid prescriber was a necessary element in their sales process . Had there been more doctors responsible for treating their patients , not just prescribing , maybe the opioid crisis could have been prevented ? Yes indeed . The language problem extends further . I was talking with priests and lay Spiritual directors a while ago ... they were referring to their clients in Spiritual direction ... you see the problem ... clients ? ? ?From clients , there is only one step to customers . BTW , how do they market their spiritual service products to their customer base ? I would not specifically blame priests . They are not the only ones falling in this trap . I see it daily in university departments .
#StarTrekPicard is hope  Stream an all-new episode now on . 3 LIKES VS ZERO I GUESS MORE PEOPLE AGREE WITH ME ?Hey look that should be some very literal thing like " see you are blinded by this very dangerous woman " That is just a scene that imprints her dangerousness with a jackhammer kind of clarity !
According to Trading Economics , the GDP per capita for the UK in 2018 was 42986 . This is not specified nominal or real and , if real , the normalization base . But using that number as is , the UK ranked with US states would come at 43rd , just ahead of Maine and just below Florida . thanks , I knew it was bunk .? ? ? It met the standard of presidential communication .
They would get fined for those , the knees are not covered by pads It  s photoshopped I  m assuming they would know the rules  .I wish the colors and the name would disappear . It will never be the same as it was , especially as long as the Haslem  s are the owners
No bias in that opinion huh ? My bio literally says Biased Barner .Your comments literally say the same yet you are here attempting to call someone else biased .
The Outer Worlds gets a release date on Switch , Stadia is weird , EA is weird , and the Switch Pro dream is over for 2020 . RT appreciated ! WATCH : I'm glad there's no Switch Pro this year ! I don't need it . I want a real successor when the time is right . Who needs 4K in a Switch ? ? I prefer 1080p and 60fps with high quality graphics . Even current consoles are struggling with real 4K .BuT THe Grafix ! ! I agree . If they  re really struggling to do 4K res , no point to it now .
#PresidentBernieSanders is a real possibility after #Iowa . I know that terrifies some people and they're lashing out . But it energizes and excites a lot MORE people . Join them ( and us ) and let's make America a truly progressive country . #NotMeUs If Bernie wants to win maybe he should muzzle Nina Turner .There's nothing racist about telling someone to muzzle a black woman ...
You're basically famous for being a prostitute ... Point is you're morally bankrupt You had no merit and simply used what little contact you may have had with to cash in with a co-conspirator criminal that used you in very much the same way you've allowed men to use you most your life .I love it when a #trump supporter calls other people morally bankrupt . These people have absolutely zero sense of or #hypocrisy . It is simply stunning to witness ! #USPoli
Two years ago today , a gunman entered Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , FL , and killed 17 students and staff members , and injured 17 more . We hold the victims and survivors in our hearts and honor them , and all victims and survivors of gun violence , with action . This would be a good time more so than ever now , if you haven't yet registered to vote and that you vote en masse , do so for those 17 people who should still be here today .they were murdered in a place where guns were banned made possible by what they voted for .
There  s talk in the EU about forcing tech companies to adopt one standard . I don  t like that idea , I quite enjoy charger rouletteLOL   .. I could make a 31/01 / 20 Brexit comment on not having to worry about standardization , but it might be too soon for that ( ? )
Yang on late-term abortions #OurRightsOurCourts :  We have to get back to the point where nobody should be celebrating abortion ... it  s a tragedy , to me , if someone decides they don  t want to have a child ... celebrating children , family , these are universal human values  late-term abortions are fucking miserable because they  re only because the mother  s life is in severe danger or the fetus isn  t viable . Fucking HAD IT with people who don  t know what they  re talking about making policy . STFU with this pandering bullshit .You mean you don  t want to listen to any more  geniuses  announcing on public platforms that abortions at 9months are evil .
Heads of department teaching 26 out of 30 periods . And running interventions , marking , planning , managing , leading , resourcing , parents meetings , reporting . And being told not to do much work at home . I'm a Head baby I'm a head like a metaphor Ah ah ah You got me steamin at a hundred degrees Each time I see you i grow weak at the knees You sink me under , bring me undone interventions , marking , planning , But best of all , all those I am a Head I am a HeadYou gimme exams marks down the length of my desk You gimme forms and a pile of requests I'm leading meetings , reports gimme beatings I take my meds ( take my meds ) But best of all , I love to be a Head ( ) To be head To be head
Duck Soup ? Horse Feathers ? Monkey Business ? Duck soup still makes me laugh so hard I nearly die . Haha .bloody Marxists ! still finding clever ways to bump people off , right ... ? #joke #satire
Funny how with a regular series of fatal stabbings this relatively minor incident seems to be the only one he turns up to show support for . Can't fathom why ? Yes very strange I can't understand it ?Not many white faces in the picture ? Problem with camera
They don  t hate black people here , they love Caribbean people . Why y  all fraid of ?  ? In the UK we have a lot of dealings with Polish people here , not all are bigots - many are lovely but if you ask them , they will tell you themselves that they aren  t down with black people like that ...Thats why they ain  t here
It is a sad day for America to see Senator McConnell humiliate the Chief Justice of the United States into presiding over a vote which rejected our nation  s judicial norms , precedents and institutions which uphold the Constitution and the rule of law . You shamed / humiliated yourselves in the way you initiated impeachment proceedings , putting Schiff as the face of it and Warren w / that question to CJ Roberts was mortifying . Congress shouldn't be allowed to impeach unless they have an approval rating equal to or greater than POTUSTHAT'S RIGHT ! SCREW THE PLAIN LANGUAGE OF THE CONSTITUTION ! THE HIGHEST LAW OF THE LAND IS WRONG AND WE SHOULD DISREGARD IT UNLESS IT SUPPORTS OUR OWN PERSONAL POLITICS !
Radiation has apparently leaked into atmosphere from nuclear plant near Dimitrovgrad , Russia . It's being detected 45 kilometers away and employees of the plant are quarantined in the building . Governor of the region has just denied anything is happening . When the government says ,  nothing happened , don  t worry , it  s all OK , nothing to see here , move on   It  s time to worry !Yep , same goes with the #coronavirus as we can always trust what any government can tell us about its spread . Doors being welded shut on apartment buildings there ? Yah , it'll be just fine .
There's no evidence Robby Mook was involved in the development of this app . David Plouffe , however , is on the board of PACRONYM and has been on cable news talking about the Iowa caucus all evening . Worth a question for him . Huffington Post's is confirming that it was Shadow that created the app .So , the picture here proves what ? That looks like a spreadsheet anyone could have made on their computer . Pete  s evil plan here was to pay them 43K to crash the app so the results would have to be tabulated by hand ? Sure that makes sense . #laughable
Well , maybe that  small company that just built an app  shouldn  t take on a responsibility it is unable to handle ? i  m not disagreeing that the app could have been better at what it was supposed to do . but comparing amazon to the small company is not a fair comparison .Ok . Then I  ll compare them with a local mom and pop business that can reliably keep track of its inventory using Quickbooks .
you have time to delete brother Yea u right I should delete because everyone knows this besides delusional giants fansI'm a Chiefs fan and still know you're wrong in this one . But you're saying Giants fans are delusional ?
Pelosi fact checking in the background I hate that the opposition party always speaks directly afterwards ... seems petty no matter which party is doing itIt  s nice that our politicians can all gather together & be civil with each other in the best interest of the American people ... #doesnthappen
I checked both and   and so far no comment about the #NYPD officers shot in her district .      #BlueLivesMatter This is not my district , but our thoughts are with all officers & people impacted by this shooting & the epidemic of gun violence in this country . Perhaps you would get less mixed up if McConnell stood up to the NRA & passed common-sense gun safety measures to reduce shootings .Im sure the shooter was a law abiding citizen who obtained the firearm legally ! !
UK Independence Day today . ( This flag flew at the Battle of Trafalgar . ) It has no relevance , my family were at trafalgar something I  m proud off . Before you think I  m anti service men and womenYou saw the flag and it triggered you . Why not say ' Ah , a beautiful flag , I descend from warriors who fought at the Battle of Trafalgar ' . No , you are here start a Brexit debate which is now totally irrelevant .
This is designer number plate where is Thanks , registration no . of the vehicle is not readable hence can't be prosecuted .Is this next-level or just plain dumb ?
When #BirdsOfPrey might flop at the box office because y  all hate women Wow way to Scapegoat the guys . Lol just make a movie with actually attractive women . And not girls who look like anorexic teenagers girls from highschool .Also insulting guys is a great way to get guys to like female directors ... .
Samsung users ' freaked ' by accidental overnight alert from firm's Find My Mobile service God ! How do snowflakes like cope with life if something as trivial as an automated text can freak them out so much . #embarrassingI guess haters are a side effect of fame
Sajid Javid -  We are not going to have completely frictionless trade because we have left the customs union & the single market ... & that's a deliberate decision " - " We've been clear " with the car industry that " there will be some changes " 2016 - No checks , simple . 2017 - There will be no checks . 2018 - Absolutely no checks , none . 2019 - No checks under any circumstances . 2020 - Of course there will be checks , we always said there would be checks , it's what you voted for .It's all going to be fine : says the forms can just be binned so what are we worried about ?
Poll : Biden's lead over shrinks to 5 points in South Carolina It looks like Tom Steyer is helping Bernie in South Carolina ! He goes up and Joe goes down ... interesting !Confirmed Tom Steyer was a secret mole planted by Bernie to undercut Biden
With an economy this good , it's no wonder Barack Obama is trying to take credit . But I believe the saying is : " You didn  t build that . Somebody else made that happen .  made that happen . Clearly there  s some lasting brain damage ...Oh I  m sure they are just headaches .
Thanks for sharing your thoughts . However , as a pax i'm concerned about the possible attitude behind . PM couldn't know if gear is accidentally up or the result of intention . He does his job and clarified in a polite and prof . way . Solely for the safety of all on board incl . you . If the PM is uncomfortable with the gear not down at 2000  . When company SOP requires us to be stable by 1000  ( widebody aircraft ) 500  ( narrowbody aircraft ) . Then the PM shouldn  t be flying commercial aircraft with pax on board .Great leadership , incredibly receptive and fosters an atmosphere for open communication . What a wonderful captain you clearly are
I don't remember Caroline being found guilty in a court of law ... Given she pleaded innocent and her boyfriend retracted his statement - how have you decided that she was ? NO ONE should be hounded to their death regardless - the courts should decide the punishment in such cases . Many dv victims retract their statements . That  s why the CPS now have powers to prosecute without the victims agreement , if there is sufficient evidence .Yes - and the CPS do what they have to do ... What we DON'T need is vitriolic trolling on social media . If someone does something wrong , let the courts decide the punishment . People bullying Caroline on social media because ... they care about abuse victims ? #loveisland
You said it when consumed ? So why not punish the consumers ... like you . Carbon tax on everything consumed food , cloths , iPhones , bandwidth everything . I couldn  t agree with you more , the more consumers are made aware of their carbon footprint by putting areal cost on it the sooner they will do something to lessen it . I personally have reduced my own to the point that tripling my carbon tax would have minimal effectGood for you Terry I can  t wait for food to double and triple in cost . It will be a much better planet . Survival of the fittest eh Terry  Once we make food real expensive we can have a large percentage of the population starve and less people mean less Carbon  .
My preferred candidate was Kamala . Bernie was second . Solely because of his followers , he's gone down . I'm sure I'm not the only one . Keep that in mind , Bernie Bros . You want him to win ? Stop being like MAGAts . So you must have zero skin in the game if some people being mean online changes your political affiliation .You skills of persuasion are mind blowing . Bernie is so lucky to have you .
Sydney weather : Collaroy and Narrabeen beach erosion as huge waves steal 50m of sand beaches are not static structures , which is why building on any beach is risky at best , let alone a high energy beach like many sydney ocean beachesWell then , we need to make them static . And every other bit of nuisance non-static environment .
I enjoyed it to Birgitte .. many of the comments made by Poles and Germans are mirrored in Brexit GB  ... the German politician married to a Turkish lady was unbelievable  Yeah but he in himself isn  t rare .. This is the problem , far right fuel fear in the  others  , but will happily in the same sentence say  except for      It  s interesting when you delve into asking who exactly those  others  are .. Who are they ? ? Mad stuff AlexanderFarage is married to a German lady
I asked for a single name of one NRA member that's committed mass shooting . You have failed to provide one name . That's because there aren't any . Certainly reading comprehension isn't something you are good at . Devin Patrick Kelley Timothy McVeigh Stephen Paddock Se-Hui Cho Ted Nugent ( whoops Nugent is just a child rapist not a mass shooter my mistake )Sporky demanded a SINGLE name . You listed 5 NRA members who are murderers and criminals . Can't you count Lib ? 5 is more than a single one . Duh but may actually agree
These are the same people who claim to like Star Trek back when it didn't have politics ... Anyone that claims Dr Who is " too woke " now never actually watched classic who .These are also the ' same people ' who supposedly all have anime lolis as their avatars #hypocrisy #generalization
Nice to see you're reading your bible . The Hermeneutics is a wee bit dodgy . seems many of the " man " conversations in a way that seems foreign to me . The men with whom I speak don't seem to be represented among the man-side of your proposed conversations . Keep reading 2 kings ! This is the longest and most snobbish version of  Not all men  I  ve ever seen .No . All men . We are all horrible . Maybe y  all should just cleanse the earth of all males . The hermeneutical understanding is extraordinarily far off . And no , most men are great . You  re just hanging out in a sewer waiting for a diamond ring to float by .
Trans athletes need to have their own league just like men and women have their own leagues Yeah , that's what I thought you meant ... So tell me how this is going to work ... We have more than 40 % identifying as men , more than 40 % identifying as women , and 0.06 % of the population identifies as trans . So in an average rural school that's a team of ... what ... 1 ? 2 ?In pro sports they'll be on ESPN ... What ? Maybe once a year ? Yeah . This is definitely a viable system for them to participate . Great work . You solved it . Good job . #FuckTransphobia
I heard that because of the response of fans on the internet they are moving the game to a different location . Maybe Folsom Field . Maybe Evergreen Lake LOL there  s no chance they  d move the game to a new spot two weeks out when fans have hotels . Come on manJust some classic there guys . Alluding to people thinking they would change the jerseys because some people didn  t like them
You consistently make fun of half the country and then complain that it is divided . The arrogance , mocking accents and smug ridicule of this nation  s  Real Elites  is disgusting . LMAO , reread your comment to yourself a couple of times and really concentrate on the Irony !You have read your daddy's tweets ? I have retweeted to you on several occasions asking you seek help for daddy .
Exactly how they should be treated For actually giving a shit about suffering animals ? ? ?I wish you cared as much about animals as you did the plants you are killing ! How dare you !
totally ! ! I was just trynna help our other friend here understand why his prices may be where they are  keep the price and become a artist for canvasfreak or sites like it ...Lol . FWIW Miss  Shorty  seems like an absolute peach to deal with
Been on 70 & 64 between STL and Columbia quite a bit lately . The cable barriers between opposite directions of traffic are down or are weakened A LOT ! ! ! Our kids are constantly on these roads going to . 4 died last week . Gotta do better ! ! They don  t have any money cuz Missourians won  t raise the GD tobacco or gas taxes ! !What I really like is that people driving pure electric cars in Missouri use our roads yet pay $ 0 in gas taxes . ! ! !
A woman refuses to have her temperature taken . A medic beats her . #CoronaVirus #China Disgusting i hope this world burnsYe let her out run wild and infect 10000 more Chinese and knowing that at least 3000 will die , if not even more .
They  re already not allowed , it  s called the constitution . Congress creates a Bill and the Executive signs it into law . Regulations from unelected bureaucrats are illegitimate , as is most of this government ! Tell Obama that . Throughout his presidency , he consistently went around Congress and did whatever the hell he wanted to do .Thanks for that , I would have never known .
